#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 26.02 10:03 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 24557 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blood Altar
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spell Conduit
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Incense Crucible
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Demon's Chest
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spell Table
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mimic Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Schematic Saver
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Teleposer
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Light
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Filled Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Demon Portal
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Empty Socket
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Life Essence
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Stone
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Block
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spectral Container
fe.protection.break.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Speed Rune
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Anchor Point
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Air Balloon
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Shore Buffer
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crate
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Steam Engine
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Floater
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ship's Helm
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Passenger Seat
fe.protection.break.ArchimedesShipsPlus.stickyBuffer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Buffer
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Eager Chest
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Signum Entia
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Locus
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Finical Maw
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Greedy Chest
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hourglass
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Maw
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Inventarium Core
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Siren's Lure
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Nethermind
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Phenomenon
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Remote Comparator
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Requisition Tome
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tally Box
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vis Reader
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.break.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Soul Stone
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.alphamultiblock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK MiniBlock(Alpha)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.andon.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Andon
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bamboo.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bamboo2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooLiangThick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooLiangThick.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooLiangThin.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooLiangThin.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooLiangVLogThick.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThin.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooLiangVLogThin.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooLiangVWoodThick.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThin.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooLiangVWoodThin.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooMillStone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK MillStone
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooMoss.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK MossBlock
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooMultiPot.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK MiniFlowerpot
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bambooPanel.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooPanel.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bamboohuton.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bamboohuton.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bamboomultiblock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK MiniBlock
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.bamboosingle.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.bamboosingle.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.beanPlant.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK BeanPlant
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.blobkbroom.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blobkbroom.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.blockbambooshoot.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bambooshoot
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.campfire.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Campfire
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.crossLamp.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.crossLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.deco.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.deco.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.decoCarpet.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.decoCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.decoCurvePlaster.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.decoCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.decoDCurvePlaster.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.decoDCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.decoPlaster.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.decoPlaster.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.delude_height.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Camoslab(Vertical)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.delude_plate.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Camoplate
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.delude_stair.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Camostairs
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.delude_width.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Camoslab
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.dirSquare.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirSquare.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.halfDeco.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDeco.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.halfDirSquare.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDirSquare.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.halfTwoDirDeco.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfTwoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.jpChest.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK JpChest
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.kawara_stair.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Kawara_stair
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.kayabukiRoof.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK KayabukiStair
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.kitunebi.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Kitunebi
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.maneki.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Maneki
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.ricePlant.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK RicePlant
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.sakuraLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK SakuraLeaves
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.sakuraLog.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK SakuraLog
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.sakuraSapling.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK SakuraSapling
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.sakuracarpet.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK SakuraCarpet
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.seaweed.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK SeaWeed
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.singleTexDeco.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.singleTexDeco.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.spaUnit.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK SpaUnit
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.spaWater.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK SpaWater
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.thickBirchPillar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK BirchPillar(thick)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.thickOrcPillar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK OrcPillar(thick)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.thickSakuraPillar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK SakuraPillar(thick)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.thickSprucePillar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK SprucePillar(thick)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.thinBirchPillar.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK BirchPillar(thin)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.thinOrcPillar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK OrcPillar(thin)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.thinSakuraPillar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK SakuraPillar(thin)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.thinSprucePillar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK SprucePillar(thin)
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.tomatoPlant.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK TomatoPlant
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.twoDirDeco.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.villagerBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK VillagerBlock
fe.protection.break.BambooMod.wara_stair.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Straw_stair
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Architect Table
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Builder Block
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Construction Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Filler
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Electronic Library
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quarry
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Land Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Path Mark
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fuel
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Oil
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Auto Workbench
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chute
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Flood Gate
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mining Well
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mining Pipe
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pump
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Requester
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Zone Planner
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Laser
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Recipe Packager
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.break.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AdvancedGreenhouse.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Greenhouse
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AdvancedPCubeIdle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Power Cube
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AlgorithmAssimilator.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Algorithm Assimilator
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AlgorithmSeperatorIdle.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Algorithm Separator
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AmethystBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Block
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AmethystFence.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Fence
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AmethystLeaf.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Leaves
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AmethystLog.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Wood
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AmethystPlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Planks
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AmethystSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Sapling
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AmethystStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Amethyst Stairs
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AnalysingChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Analysing Chamber
fe.protection.break.Calculator.AtomicMultiplier.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Atomic Multiplier
fe.protection.break.Calculator.BasicGreenhouse.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Basic Greenhouse
fe.protection.break.Calculator.BroccoliPlant.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Broccoli Plant
fe.protection.break.Calculator.CO2Generator.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carbon Dioxide Generator
fe.protection.break.Calculator.CalculatorLocator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Calculator Locator
fe.protection.break.Calculator.CalculatorPlug.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Calculator Plug
fe.protection.break.Calculator.CalculatorTeleporter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Teleporter
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ClearStableGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Clear Stable Glass
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ConductorMast.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Conductor Mast
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ConductorMastBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Conductor Mast
fe.protection.break.Calculator.Crank.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crank Handle
fe.protection.break.Calculator.CrankedGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hand Cranked Generator
fe.protection.break.Calculator.DiamondFence.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Fence
fe.protection.break.Calculator.DiamondLeaf.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Leaves
fe.protection.break.Calculator.DiamondLog.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Wood
fe.protection.break.Calculator.DiamondPlanks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Planks
fe.protection.break.Calculator.DiamondSapling.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Sapling
fe.protection.break.Calculator.DiamondStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Stairs
fe.protection.break.Calculator.DockingStation.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Docking Station
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ElectricBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Electric Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.Calculator.EndBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK End Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.Calculator.EnrichedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Enriched Gold Block
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ExtractionChamber.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Extraction Chamber
fe.protection.break.Calculator.FiddledewPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fiddledew Plant
fe.protection.break.Calculator.FlawlessBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flawless Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.Calculator.FlawlessFireBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fire Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.Calculator.FlawlessGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flawless Glass
fe.protection.break.Calculator.FlawlessGreenhouse.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Flawless Greenhouse
fe.protection.break.Calculator.FluxController.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Flux Controller
fe.protection.break.Calculator.FluxPlug.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Flux Plug
fe.protection.break.Calculator.FluxPoint.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flux Point
fe.protection.break.Calculator.HealthProcessor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Health Processor
fe.protection.break.Calculator.HungerProcessor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hunger Processor
fe.protection.break.Calculator.LanternBasic.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lantern
fe.protection.break.Calculator.LanternOff.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gas Lantern
fe.protection.break.Calculator.LanternOn.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gas Lantern
fe.protection.break.Calculator.MagneticFlux.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Magnetic Flux
fe.protection.break.Calculator.PCubeIdle.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Power Cube
fe.protection.break.Calculator.PearFence.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pear Fence
fe.protection.break.Calculator.PearLeaf.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pear Leaves
fe.protection.break.Calculator.PearLog.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pear Wood
fe.protection.break.Calculator.PearPlanks.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pear Planks
fe.protection.break.Calculator.PearSapling.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.Calculator.PearStairs.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pear Stairs
fe.protection.break.Calculator.PrecisionChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Precision Chamber
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ProcessingChamber.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Processing Chamber
fe.protection.break.Calculator.PrunaePlant.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Prunae Plant
fe.protection.break.Calculator.RainSensor.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rain Sensor
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReassemblyChamber.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Reassembly Chamber
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Iron Block
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickFence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Dirt Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Dirt Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtFence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Dirt Fence
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtStairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Dirt Stairs
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Furnace
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickFence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickStairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneFence.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Stone Fence
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ResearchChamber.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Research Chamber
fe.protection.break.Calculator.RestorationChamber.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Restoration Chamber
fe.protection.break.Calculator.Scarecrow.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Scarecrow
fe.protection.break.Calculator.ScarecrowBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Scarecrow
fe.protection.break.Calculator.StableGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stable Glass
fe.protection.break.Calculator.StoneAssimilator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stone Assimilator
fe.protection.break.Calculator.StoneSeperatorIdle.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone Separator
fe.protection.break.Calculator.StorageChamber.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Storage Chamber
fe.protection.break.Calculator.TanzaniteBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tanzanite Block
fe.protection.break.Calculator.TanzaniteFence.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tanzanite Fence
fe.protection.break.Calculator.TanzaniteLeaf.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tanzanite Leaves
fe.protection.break.Calculator.TanzaniteLog.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tanzanite Wood
fe.protection.break.Calculator.TanzanitePlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tanzanite Planks
fe.protection.break.Calculator.TanzaniteSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tanzanite Sapling
fe.protection.break.Calculator.TanzaniteStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tanzanite Stairs
fe.protection.break.Calculator.Transmitter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Transmitter
fe.protection.break.Calculator.TransmitterBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Transmitter
fe.protection.break.Calculator.WeakenedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Weakened Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.Calculator.WeatherController.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Weather Controller
fe.protection.break.Calculator.WeatherStation.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Weather Station
fe.protection.break.Calculator.WeatherStationBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Weather Station
fe.protection.break.Calculator.atomiccalculatorBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Atomic Calculator
fe.protection.break.Calculator.calculatorScreen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.calculatorScreen.name
fe.protection.break.Calculator.dynamiccalculatorBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dynamic Calculator
fe.protection.break.Calculator.glowstoneextractor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Extractor
fe.protection.break.Calculator.purifiedobsidianBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Purified Obsidian
fe.protection.break.Calculator.redstoneextractor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Extractor
fe.protection.break.Calculator.reinforceddirtBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Dirt
fe.protection.break.Calculator.reinforceddirtBrick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Dirt Bricks
fe.protection.break.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.break.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.Calculator.stablestoneBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stable Stone
fe.protection.break.Calculator.stablestonerimmedBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stablestonerimmedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Calculator.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Calculator.starchextractor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Starch Extractor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.break.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.break.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Disenchanter
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Draconic Chest
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Draconium Ore
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Energy Infuser
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Energy Pylon
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Energy Core
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Generator
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mob Grinder
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energy Core
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Particle Generator
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Player Detector
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Potentiometer
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rain Sensor
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sun Dial
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Weather Controller
fe.protection.break.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Distortion Flame
fe.protection.break.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_battery.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ElectriBattery.name
fe.protection.break.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_cable.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.RFCable.name
fe.protection.break.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eubattery.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ElectriEUBattery.name
fe.protection.break.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eucable.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.EUCable.name
fe.protection.break.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eusplit.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.EUSplitter.name
fe.protection.break.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_machine.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.Converter.name
fe.protection.break.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ElectriOre.name
fe.protection.break.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_rfbattery.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ElectriRFBattery.name
fe.protection.break.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_wire.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.Wire.name
fe.protection.break.Eln.Eln.Ore.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreEln.name
fe.protection.break.Eln.Eln.SixNode.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Eln.Eln.TransparentNode.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Eln.Eln.ghostBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.Eln.Eln.lightBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.Eln.eln.ElnProbe.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Eln Computer Probe
fe.protection.break.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherHVUBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK 800V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.break.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherLVUBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK 50V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.break.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherMVUBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK 200V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.break.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.break.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_camo.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.Camo.name
fe.protection.break.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_fullblock.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.Fullblock.name
fe.protection.break.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_thintile.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.Thintile.name
fe.protection.break.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_wire.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.LapisWire.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Angel Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chandelier
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mini-Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cursed Earth
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Marker
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ender Collector
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ender Quarry
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK TNT Generator
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magnum Torch
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Peaceful Table
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Iron Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Golden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Clock
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trading Post
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can
fe.protection.break.Forestry.alveary.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.beehives.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.candle.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.core.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.engine.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.factory2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fences.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ethanol
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Biomass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Glass
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Crushed Ice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Juice
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Seed Oil
fe.protection.break.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Short Mead
fe.protection.break.Forestry.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.logs.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mail.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.pods.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.resources.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabs.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairs.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.break.Forestry.stump.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Accumulation Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cinder
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Death Flower
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Decomposition Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK End Powder Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ender Goo
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Head
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Endium Block
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Endium Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cluster
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Extraction Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Experience Table
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Persegrit
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sphalerite
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Spooky Log
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stardust Ore
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Transport Beacon
fe.protection.break.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Void Chest
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockCable.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK blockCable.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockCrop.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockElectric.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockHarz.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockITNT.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK blockMetal.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockNuke.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK blockRubber.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockWall.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK blockWall.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.break.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.break.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.iguana.tcon.skull.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.InventoryPets.cloudblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cloud Block
fe.protection.break.InventoryPets.cloudspawn.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cloud Spawner
fe.protection.break.InventoryPets.sandblock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sand Block
fe.protection.break.InventoryPets.sandspawn.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sand Spawner
fe.protection.break.InventoryPets.stoneblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone Block
fe.protection.break.InventoryPets.stonespawn.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone Spawner
fe.protection.break.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.JABBA.barrel.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Better Barrel
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Road
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Auto Anvil
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Big Button
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block Placer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Item Cannon
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glass Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Donation Station
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Drawing Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fan
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Flag
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Golden Egg
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grave
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Healer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Item Dropper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Paint Can
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Paint Mixer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Path
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Height Map Projector
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rope Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sky Block
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Target
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Trophy
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Village Highlighter
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK XP Bottler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK XP Drain
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK XP Shower
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Adapter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cable
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Disassembler
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Disk Drive
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Geolyzer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Keyboard
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Microcontroller
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Motion Sensor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Net Splitter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Power Converter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Power Distributor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.print.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK 3D Print
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK 3D Printer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rack
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Raid
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone I/O
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Relay
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Robot.name
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Robot
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Transposer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Waypoint
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.cube.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.detector.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.frame.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.ore.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Residual Heat
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.signal.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.slab.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.stair.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Energy Distributor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Display
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Imbuing Station
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Item Collector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Notification Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Online Detector
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Player Interface
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Block
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spectre Glass
fe.protection.break.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Lever
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_coriumflowing.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.MoltenCorium(Flowing).name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_duct.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.Duct.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluorite.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.Fluorite.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluoriteore.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.FluoriteOre.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_flywheelmulti.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.multiblock.flywheel.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_generatormulti.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.multiblock.generator.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_heatermulti.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.multiblock.heater.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_injectormulti.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.multiblock.injector.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_lamp.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.reactor.lamp.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_line.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.Line.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_machine.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.Machine.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_mats.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ReactorMaterials.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelmachine.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineModelled.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelreactor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.ReactorModelled.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Ore.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_reactor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_solenoidmulti.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.multiblock.solenoid.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_steam.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Steam.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_thorium.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThoriumFuel.name
fe.protection.break.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_turbinemulti.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.multiblock.turbine.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_advancedgear.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_basic.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bcengine.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_beam.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.beam.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bedrockslice.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.bedrockslice.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastglass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.blastglass.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastpane.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.blastpane.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bridge.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.bridge.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_canola.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.canola.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_deco.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.deco.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_decotank.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.decotank.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dir.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodelinv.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_engine.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_flywheel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gearbox.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gpr.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_inv.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_light.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.light.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_miningpipe.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.block.miningpipe.name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_piping.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_shaft.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_solar.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_trans.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile..name
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.energyrouter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK [WIP] Energy Router (RF) - Sender
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.fluidrouterin.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK [WIP] Liquid Router - Extractor
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.fluidrouterout.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK [WIP] Liquid Router - Sender
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.powerConverter.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK RF to EU Converter (8196 EU output, 36,000 RF buffer)
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.router.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Item Router
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.router_lampblock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Flood Light
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.router_lightbeam.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.rr_lightbeam.name
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.routerbarrel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.routerbarrel.name
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.routercable.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Cable
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.routerchest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK A Special Chest
fe.protection.break.RouterReborn.routerold.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Item Router
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block Detector
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block Gate
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Creative Supplier
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Cable
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sign Updater
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Drawer Controller
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Controller Slave
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Framing Table
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawer
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.trim.name
fe.protection.break.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Framed Trim
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Drying Rack
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Casting Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Station
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slab Furnace
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glue Block
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Frying Pan
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hambone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Landmine
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tool Forge
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK SDX
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Ender
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Alumite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ardite
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Enderium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Glass
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Gold
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Invar
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lead
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lumium
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Nickel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Shiny
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Signalum
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Silver
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Tin
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glue
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Slime
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Slime Channel
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bounce Pad
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Birch Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Oak Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.break.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Punji Stick
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dynamo
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.break.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Shadow Ore
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Warped Leaves
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Warpwood
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.break.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Door
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Chest
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Death
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flux Gas  
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flux Goo
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Empty Space
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Old Urn
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.break.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alchemite
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Seroconverter
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bone
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lump of Brain
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Deep Crystal
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dust
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Eye Cluster
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Planar Gateway
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Inspiratron
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Orb
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Node Monitor
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Soul Beacon
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sieve
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Soulforge
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Metal Spike
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tooth
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Curative Vat
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Planar Boundary
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Forcefield
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Interface
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.break.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.break.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.break.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Grid
fe.protection.break.Translocator.translocator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Connector
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockAngmallen.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Angmallen Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockAtlarus.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Atlarus Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockCadmium.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cadmium Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockCarmot.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Carmot Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockCelenegil.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Celenegil Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockCeruclase.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ceruclase Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockDarkSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK DarkSteel Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockElnTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockEximite.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Eximite Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockHaderoth.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Haderoth Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockHepatizon.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hepatizon Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockInfuscolium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Infuscolium Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockInolashite.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Inolashite Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockLithium.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lithium Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockOrichalcum.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Orichalcum Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockOureclase.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Oureclase Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockPrometheum.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Prometheum Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockRutile.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rutile Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockSanguinite.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sanguinite Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockTartarite.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tartarite Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockVulcanite.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Vulcanite Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.blockVyroxeres.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Vyroxeres Block
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAdamant.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Adamant Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAdamantine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Adamantine Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAdamantium.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Adamantium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAmericium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Americium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAngmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Angmallen Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAntimony.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Antimony Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAnyCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK AnyCopper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAnyIron.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK AnyIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ardite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushArsenic.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Arsenic Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAstralSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK AstralSilver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushAtlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Atlarus Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushBeryllium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Beryllium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushBismuth.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bismuth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushCadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cadmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushCaesium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Caesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushCarmot.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Carmot Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushCelenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Celenegil Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushCerium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cerium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushCeruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ceruclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushChrome.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chrome Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cobalt Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushDarkIron.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK DarkIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushDarkSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK DarkSteel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushDeepIron.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK DeepIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushDesh.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Desh Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Draconium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushDysprosium.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dysprosium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushElectrum.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Electrum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushErbium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Erbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushEuropium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Europium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushEximite.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Eximite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushForce.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Force Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushGadolinium.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gadolinium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushGallium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gallium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushHaderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Haderoth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushHeeEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushHepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hepatizon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushHolmium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Holmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushIndium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Indium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushInfuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Infuscolium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushInfusedGold.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK InfusedGold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushInolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Inolashite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iridium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushLanthanum.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lanthanum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushLead.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lead Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushLithium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lithium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushLutetium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lutetium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushMagnesium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Magnesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushManganese.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Manganese Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushMeteoricIron.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK MeteoricIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushMidasium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Midasium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mithril Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushMolybdenum.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Molybdenum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushNaquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Naquadah Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushNaquadahEnriched.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK NaquadahEnriched Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushNaquadria.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Naquadria Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushNeodymium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Neodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushNeutronium.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Neutronium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Nickel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushNiobium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Niobium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushOrichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Orichalcum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushOsmium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Osmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushOureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oureclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushPalladium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Palladium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushPigIron.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK PigIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Platinum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Plutonium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushPlutonium241.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Plutonium241 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushPraseodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Praseodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushPrometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Prometheum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushPromethium.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Promethium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushRubidium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Rubidium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushRutile.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rutile Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushSamarium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Samarium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushSanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sanguinite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushScandium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Scandium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Shadow Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushShadowIron.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK ShadowIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushSilicon.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Silicon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushSilver.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Silver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushTantalum.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tantalum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushTartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tartarite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushTellurium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tellurium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushTerbium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Terbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushThorium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Thorium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushThulium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Thulium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushTitanium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Titanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushTritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Uranium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushUranium235.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Uranium235 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushVanadium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Vanadium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushVulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Vulcanite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushVyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Vyroxeres Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushYtterbium.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ytterbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushYttrium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Yttrium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.aobd.orebushZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Zinc Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                               # (default: true) BREAK 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crank
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Frame
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                            # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.armourLibrary.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.armourersworkshop:armourLibrary.name
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.armourerBrain.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Armourer
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.awBoundingBox4.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.armourersworkshop:armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox4.name
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourMixer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Colour Mixer
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourable.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Equipment Cube
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glass Equipment Cube
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlassGlowing.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Glass Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlowing.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.doll.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Doll
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.dyeTable.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dye Table
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.globalSkinLibrary.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Global Skin Library - (WIP)
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.mannequin.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mannequin
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.miniArmourer.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mini Armourer - (WIP)
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnable.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Skinnable Block
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnableGlowing.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.armourersworkshop:skinnableGlowing.name
fe.protection.break.armourersWorkshop.block.skinningTable.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Skinning Table
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Backpack
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Chest
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.auraDestructor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK MRU Aura Spoiler
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.auraStabiliser.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK MRU Aura Stabiliser
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.chunkLoader.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK MRU Chunk Loader
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.crystalDestructor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK MRU Crystal Destructor
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.dimTranciever.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK MRU Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.fluxWiper.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flux Wiper
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.generator.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK MRU Generator
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.glassChaos.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chaos Fortified Glass
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.glassFrozen.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Frost Fortified Glass
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.infusedStone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK MRU Infused Stone
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.mruSpreader.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK MRU Redistributor
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.mrucuAbsorber.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK MRUCU Absorber
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.mrucuStabilizer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK MRUCU Balancer
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.nodeIrradiator.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Aura Node Irradiator
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.radiatedNode.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Radiated Aura Node
fe.protection.break.essenthaum.wandCharger.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK MRU Wand Charger
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.Drops.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.essentialcraft.drops.name
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.advBreaker.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Magical Breaker
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.air.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Air
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.assembler.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magical Assembler
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.blockBreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magical Breaker
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.blockPale.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pale Block
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.cacti.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cacti
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.chaos.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chaos Corruption
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.chargingChamber.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Charging Chamber
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.chest.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Magical Chest
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.coldDistillator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cold Distillator
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.coldStone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cold Stone
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.compressed.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Drops
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.concrete.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.corruptionCleaner.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Corruption Cleaner
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.crystalController.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Controller
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.crystalExtractor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Extractor
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.crystalFormer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Former
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.darknessObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Darkness O8elisk
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.demonicPentacle.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Demonic Pentacle
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.demonicPlating.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Demonic Plating
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.dreadDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dread Dirt
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.ecAcceptor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enrichment Chamber MRU Acceptor
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.ecBalancer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enrichment Chamber Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.ecController.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enrichment Chamber Controller
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.ecEjector.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Enrichment Chamber MRU Ejector
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.ecHoldingChamber.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Enrichment Chamber Holding Block
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.ecRedstoneController.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Enrichment Chamber Redstone Controller
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.ecStateChecker.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Enrichment Chamber State Checker
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.elementalCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Elemental Crystal
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.emberForge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ember Forge
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.enderGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ender Generator
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.device.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.essentialcraft.device.name
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fFence.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fortified Stone Fence
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                               # (default: true) BREAK [TC]Fancy Amber Tile
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                # (default: true) BREAK [TC]Fancy Obsidian Tile
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.coldStone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Cold Stone Tile
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.concrete.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Concrete Tile
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.demonicPlating.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Demonic Plating
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.fortifiedStone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Fortified Stone Tile
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.magicPlating.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Magic Plating Tile
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mithrilinePlating.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mru.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fancy MRU Tile
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.palePlating.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Pale Plating Tile
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.voidStone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Void Stone Tile
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.name
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fortifiedGlass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Magical Fortified Glass
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fortifiedStone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Magical Fortified Stone
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.frozen.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Corruption
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.fruit.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.essentialcraft.fruit.name
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.furnaceMagic.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magmatic Furnace
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.heatGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Heat Generator
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.holopad.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Holopad
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.invertedPlating.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.levitator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK MRU Levitator
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magic.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Magic Corruption
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicFence.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magic Fence
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicPlating.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magic Plating Block
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicalDisplay.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK [NYI]Magical Display
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicalEnchanter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Magical Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicalFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Magical Furnace
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicalHopper.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Magical Hopper
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicalJukebox.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Magical Jukebox
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicalMirror.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Magical Mirror
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicalQuarry.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Magical Quarry
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicalRepairer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Magical Repairer
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicalTeleporter.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Magical Teleporter
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magicianTable.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Magician Table
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.magmaticSmeltery.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Magmatic Smeltery
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.matrixAbsorber.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Destructor
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.metadataManager.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Metadata Manager
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mimCrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magical Inventory Manager Crafting Module
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mimEjector.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magical Inventory Manager Export Node
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mimEjectorP.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Export Node
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mimInjector.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magical Inventory Manager Import Node
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mimInjectorP.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Import Node
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mimInvStorage.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Magical Inventory Manager Storage Module
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mimScreen.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magical Inventory Manager Screen Module
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.name
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mithrilineFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mitriline Furnace
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.monsterClinger.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Monster Holding Device
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.monsterHarvester.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Monster Duplicator
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.moonWell.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Moon Well
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mruCoil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK MRU Coil
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.mruCoilHardener.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK MRU Coil Base
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.naturalFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Natural Furnace
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.newMim.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Magical Inventory Manager Core
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.oreDrops.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Elemental Infused Ore
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.platingPale.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pale Plating
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.playerPentacle.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Soul Pentacle
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.portal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Portal To Hoanna
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.potionSpreader.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Potion Spreader
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.radiatingChamber.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Radiating Chamber
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.rayTower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ray Tower
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.reactor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK MRU Tesla Reactor Core
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.reactorSupport.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK MRU Tesla Reactor Support
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.redstoneTransmitter.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.rightClicker.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magical Activator
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.root.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Root
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.shade.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK The SHADE
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.solarPrism.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Solar Prism
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.spreader.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK MRU Spreader
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.sunRayAbsorber.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sun Ray Absorber
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.tallGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.essentialcraft.tallGrass.name
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.torch.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.essentialcraft.torch.name
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.ultraFlowerBurner.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ultra Natural Furnace
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.ultraHeatGen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ultra Heat Generator
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.voidFence.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Void Fence
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.voidGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Void Glass
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.voidStone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Void Stone
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.weaponMaker.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Weapon Bench
fe.protection.break.essentialcraft.windRune.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wind Rune
fe.protection.break.extracells.certustank.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.break.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.break.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.extracells.walrus.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Walrus
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK DNA Extractor
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.break.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.break.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquid DNA
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen
fe.protection.break.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Protein
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.break.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Item Robin
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK ME Transformer
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Air
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.sand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.mo.android_spawner.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rogue Android Spawner
fe.protection.break.mo.android_station.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Android Station
fe.protection.break.mo.bounding_box.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.mo.charging_station.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Charging Station
fe.protection.break.mo.contract_market.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Contract Market
fe.protection.break.mo.decomposer.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Matter Decomposer
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.beams.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Grate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.carbon_fiber_plate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Carbon Fiber Plate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.clean.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Smooth Plate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.coils.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Coils
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.engine_exhaust_plasma.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Engine Exhaust Plasma
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.floor_noise.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Linoleum Floor
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.floor_tile_white.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK White Floor Tiles
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.floor_tiles.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Floor Tiles
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.floor_tiles_green.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Green Floor Tiles
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.holo_matrix.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Holographic Matrix
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.matter_tube.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Matter Tube
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.separator.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Rail
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.stripes.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stripes
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.tritanium_lamp.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Lamp
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_colored.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Colored Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_stripe.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Plate Guided
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.vent.bright.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vent
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.vent.dark.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Vent
fe.protection.break.mo.decorative.white_plate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Soft Wall Plates
fe.protection.break.mo.dilithium_ore.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dilithium Ore
fe.protection.break.mo.force_glass.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Glass
fe.protection.break.mo.fusion_reactor_coil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Reactor Coil
fe.protection.break.mo.fusion_reactor_controller.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Reactor Controller
fe.protection.break.mo.fusion_reactor_io.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fusion Reactor IO
fe.protection.break.mo.gravitational_anomaly.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gravitational Anomaly
fe.protection.break.mo.gravitational_stabilizer.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gravitational Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.mo.heavy_matter_pipe.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Heavy Duty Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.break.mo.holo_sign.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Holographic Sign
fe.protection.break.mo.inscriber.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Inscriber
fe.protection.break.mo.machine_hull.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Machine Hull
fe.protection.break.mo.matter_analyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Matter Analyzer
fe.protection.break.mo.matter_pipe.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.break.mo.matter_plasma.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Matter Plasma
fe.protection.break.mo.matter_recycler.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Matter Recycler
fe.protection.break.mo.microwave.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Microwave
fe.protection.break.mo.molten_tritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Molten Tritanium
fe.protection.break.mo.network_pipe.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Matter Network Cable
fe.protection.break.mo.network_router.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Matter Network Router
fe.protection.break.mo.network_switch.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Matter Network Switch
fe.protection.break.mo.pattern_monitor.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Monitor
fe.protection.break.mo.pattern_storage.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Storage
fe.protection.break.mo.replicator.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Matter Replicator
fe.protection.break.mo.solar_panel.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.mo.star_map.*                                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Star Map
fe.protection.break.mo.transporter.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Transporter
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_block.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Block
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.black.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Black Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.blue.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blue Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.brown.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brown Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.cyan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.gray.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.green.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.name
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.lime.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lime Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.magenta.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.orange.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tritanium_crate.orange.name
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.pink.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.purple.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purple Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.red.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.silver.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.white.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK White Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_crate.yellow.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tritanium_crate.yellow.name
fe.protection.break.mo.tritanium_ore.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.break.mo.weapon_station.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Weapon Station
fe.protection.break.pga.plantgrowthaccelerator.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plant Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Activity Probe
fe.protection.break.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Biome Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block Protector
fe.protection.break.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Builder Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Counter
fe.protection.break.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.break.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.break.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.break.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.break.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.break.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dialing Device
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Builder
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Editor
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.break.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.break.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.break.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Energy Extractor
fe.protection.break.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Environmental Controller
fe.protection.break.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Item Filter
fe.protection.break.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.machineBase.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Machine Base
fe.protection.break.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Machine Frame
fe.protection.break.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Machine Infuser
fe.protection.break.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Material Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Matter Beamer
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Matter Booster
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Matter Receiver
fe.protection.break.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.break.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Modular Storage
fe.protection.break.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pearl Injector
fe.protection.break.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Proxy Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.break.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.break.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Power Relay
fe.protection.break.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Remote Storage
fe.protection.break.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK RF Monitor
fe.protection.break.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Screen
fe.protection.break.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Screen Controller
fe.protection.break.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Screen
fe.protection.break.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Security Manager
fe.protection.break.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sequencer
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.break.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Shield Template
fe.protection.break.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Simple Dialer
fe.protection.break.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.break.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spawner
fe.protection.break.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Storage Scanner
fe.protection.break.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Support Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Time Absorber
fe.protection.break.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Timer
fe.protection.break.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Block
fe.protection.break.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Core
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Primal Shroom
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Aurelia
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Thaumaturge's Brazier
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Briar
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Thaumaturge's Campfire
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fluxium
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Node Linking Device
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Node Manipulator
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Overchanting Table
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Plax Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pyrofluid
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quicksilver
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redlon Stem
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.spike.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sweed Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Thauminite
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Void metal Block
fe.protection.break.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Void Crop
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*            # (default: true) BREAK Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*         # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*               # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Provider
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*               # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Provider
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*             # (default: true) BREAK Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.break.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Alluring Skull
fe.protection.break.witchery.altar.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.artichoke.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Water Artichoke
fe.protection.break.witchery.barrier.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Barrier
fe.protection.break.witchery.beartrap.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Beartrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.belladonna.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Belladonna
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Crucible
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.break.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blood Poppy
fe.protection.break.witchery.bramble.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brazier.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Brazier
fe.protection.break.witchery.brew.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewgas.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.cactus.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.witchery.candelabra.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra
fe.protection.break.witchery.cauldron.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.witchery.chalice.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Chalice
fe.protection.break.witchery.circle.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Heart Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.break.witchery.clever.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Coffin
fe.protection.break.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Critter Snare
fe.protection.break.witchery.crystalball.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Ball
fe.protection.break.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sun Collector
fe.protection.break.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.break.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.break.witchery.demonheart.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Demon Heart
fe.protection.break.witchery.disease.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Disease
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Distillery
fe.protection.break.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dream Weaver
fe.protection.break.witchery.embermoss.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ember Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.force.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Solid
fe.protection.break.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fume Funnel
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Garlic Garland
fe.protection.break.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Garlic
fe.protection.break.witchery.glintweed.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glint Weed
fe.protection.break.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glow Globe
fe.protection.break.witchery.grassper.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grassper
fe.protection.break.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoor.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefence.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Fence
fe.protection.break.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ice Gate
fe.protection.break.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.iceslab.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestairs.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ice Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.icestockade.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Egg
fe.protection.break.witchery.kettle.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Kettle
fe.protection.break.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Leaping Lily
fe.protection.break.witchery.leechchest.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Leech Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.light.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.lilypad.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.mandrake.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mandrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mindrake.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Minedrake
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mirror
fe.protection.break.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mirror Surface
fe.protection.break.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.witchery.placeditem.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.plantmine.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.break.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.break.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Scarecrow
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.silvervat.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Silver Vat
fe.protection.break.witchery.slurp.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowbell.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Snowbell
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowslab.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Snow Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Snow Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.break.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spanish Moss
fe.protection.break.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.break.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spirit Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Alder Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.break.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.break.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.break.witchery.stockade.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Torment Portal
fe.protection.break.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Torment Stone
fe.protection.break.witchery.trent.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK Trent Effigy
fe.protection.break.witchery.vine.*                                                               # (default: true) BREAK Vine
fe.protection.break.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Void Bramble
fe.protection.break.witchery.wallgen.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.web.*                                                                # (default: true) BREAK Web
fe.protection.break.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Witches Oven
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchlog.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwood.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Altar
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Head
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wolfsbane
fe.protection.break.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wolftrap
fe.protection.break.witchery.wormwood.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wormwood
fe.protection.explode.*                                                                           # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Altar
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spell Table
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mimic Block
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleposer
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Light
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Filled Socket
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Portal
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Socket
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Life Essence
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectral Block
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectral Container
fe.protection.explode.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Speed Rune
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Anchor Point
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Balloon
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Shore Buffer
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Engine
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Floater
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ship's Helm
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Passenger Seat
fe.protection.explode.ArchimedesShipsPlus.stickyBuffer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Buffer
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Eager Chest
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Signum Entia
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Locus
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Finical Maw
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Greedy Chest
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hourglass
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Maw
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventarium Core
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Siren's Lure
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nethermind
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Phenomenon
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Remote Comparator
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Requisition Tome
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tally Box
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Reader
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.explode.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Stone
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.alphamultiblock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE MiniBlock(Alpha)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.andon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Andon
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bamboo.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bamboo2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooLiangThick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooLiangThick.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooLiangThin.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooLiangThin.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooLiangVLogThick.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThin.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooLiangVLogThin.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooLiangVWoodThick.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThin.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooLiangVWoodThin.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooMillStone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE MillStone
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooMoss.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE MossBlock
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooMultiPot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE MiniFlowerpot
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bambooPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooPanel.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bamboohuton.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bamboohuton.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bamboomultiblock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE MiniBlock
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.bamboosingle.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bamboosingle.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.beanPlant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE BeanPlant
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.blobkbroom.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blobkbroom.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.blockbambooshoot.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Bambooshoot
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.campfire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Campfire
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.crossLamp.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crossLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.deco.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.deco.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.decoCarpet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.decoCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.decoCurvePlaster.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.decoCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.decoDCurvePlaster.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.decoDCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.decoPlaster.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.decoPlaster.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.delude_height.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Camoslab(Vertical)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.delude_plate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Camoplate
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.delude_stair.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Camostairs
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.delude_width.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Camoslab
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.dirSquare.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirSquare.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.halfDeco.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDeco.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.halfDirSquare.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDirSquare.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.halfTwoDirDeco.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfTwoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.jpChest.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE JpChest
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.kawara_stair.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Kawara_stair
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.kayabukiRoof.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE KayabukiStair
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.kitunebi.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Kitunebi
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.maneki.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Maneki
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.ricePlant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE RicePlant
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.sakuraLeaves.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE SakuraLeaves
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.sakuraLog.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE SakuraLog
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.sakuraSapling.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE SakuraSapling
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.sakuracarpet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE SakuraCarpet
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.seaweed.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE SeaWeed
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.singleTexDeco.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.singleTexDeco.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.spaUnit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE SpaUnit
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.spaWater.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE SpaWater
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.thickBirchPillar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE BirchPillar(thick)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.thickOrcPillar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE OrcPillar(thick)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.thickSakuraPillar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE SakuraPillar(thick)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.thickSprucePillar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE SprucePillar(thick)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.thinBirchPillar.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE BirchPillar(thin)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.thinOrcPillar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE OrcPillar(thin)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.thinSakuraPillar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE SakuraPillar(thin)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.thinSprucePillar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE SprucePillar(thin)
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.tomatoPlant.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE TomatoPlant
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.twoDirDeco.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.villagerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE VillagerBlock
fe.protection.explode.BambooMod.wara_stair.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Straw_stair
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Architect Table
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder Block
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Construction Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Filler
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronic Library
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarry
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Land Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Path Mark
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Oil
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chute
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Flood Gate
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Well
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pump
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Requester
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Zone Planner
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.explode.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AdvancedGreenhouse.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Greenhouse
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AdvancedPCubeIdle.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Power Cube
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AlgorithmAssimilator.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Algorithm Assimilator
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AlgorithmSeperatorIdle.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Algorithm Separator
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AmethystBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AmethystFence.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Fence
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AmethystLeaf.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AmethystLog.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Wood
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AmethystPlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Planks
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AmethystSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AmethystStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Amethyst Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AnalysingChamber.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Analysing Chamber
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.AtomicMultiplier.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Atomic Multiplier
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.BasicGreenhouse.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Greenhouse
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.BroccoliPlant.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Broccoli Plant
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.CO2Generator.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carbon Dioxide Generator
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.CalculatorLocator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Calculator Locator
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.CalculatorPlug.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Calculator Plug
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.CalculatorTeleporter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleporter
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ClearStableGlass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Clear Stable Glass
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ConductorMast.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Conductor Mast
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ConductorMastBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Conductor Mast
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.Crank.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crank Handle
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.CrankedGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hand Cranked Generator
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.DiamondFence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Fence
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.DiamondLeaf.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.DiamondLog.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Wood
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.DiamondPlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Planks
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.DiamondSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.DiamondStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.DockingStation.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Docking Station
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ElectricBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.EndBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE End Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.EnrichedBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Enriched Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ExtractionChamber.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Extraction Chamber
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.FiddledewPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fiddledew Plant
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.FlawlessBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flawless Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.FlawlessFireBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.FlawlessGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flawless Glass
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.FlawlessGreenhouse.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Flawless Greenhouse
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.FluxController.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Controller
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.FluxPlug.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Plug
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.FluxPoint.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Point
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.HealthProcessor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Health Processor
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.HungerProcessor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Hunger Processor
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.LanternBasic.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lantern
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.LanternOff.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gas Lantern
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.LanternOn.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Gas Lantern
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.MagneticFlux.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetic Flux
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.PCubeIdle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Cube
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.PearFence.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Fence
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.PearLeaf.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.PearLog.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Wood
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.PearPlanks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Planks
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.PearSapling.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.PearStairs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.PrecisionChamber.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Precision Chamber
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ProcessingChamber.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Processing Chamber
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.PrunaePlant.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Prunae Plant
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.RainSensor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReassemblyChamber.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Reassembly Chamber
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickFence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Dirt Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Dirt Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtFence.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Dirt Fence
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtStairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Dirt Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickFence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickStairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneFence.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Stone Fence
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneStairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ResearchChamber.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Research Chamber
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.RestorationChamber.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Restoration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.Scarecrow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Scarecrow
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.ScarecrowBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Scarecrow
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.StableGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stable Glass
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.StoneAssimilator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Assimilator
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.StoneSeperatorIdle.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Separator
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.StorageChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Storage Chamber
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.TanzaniteBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tanzanite Block
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.TanzaniteFence.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tanzanite Fence
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.TanzaniteLeaf.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tanzanite Leaves
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.TanzaniteLog.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tanzanite Wood
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.TanzanitePlanks.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tanzanite Planks
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.TanzaniteSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tanzanite Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.TanzaniteStairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tanzanite Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.Transmitter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.TransmitterBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.WeakenedBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Weakened Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.WeatherController.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Controller
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.WeatherStation.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Station
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.WeatherStationBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Station
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.atomiccalculatorBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Atomic Calculator
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.calculatorScreen.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.calculatorScreen.name
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.dynamiccalculatorBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamic Calculator
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.glowstoneextractor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Extractor
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.purifiedobsidianBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Purified Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.redstoneextractor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Extractor
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.reinforceddirtBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Dirt
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.reinforceddirtBrick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Dirt Bricks
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.stablestoneBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stable Stone
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.stablestonerimmedBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stablestonerimmedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Calculator.starchextractor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Starch Extractor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.explode.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.explode.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.explode.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Disenchanter
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconic Chest
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconium Ore
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Infuser
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Pylon
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Core
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Generator
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mob Grinder
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Core
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Particle Generator
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Detector
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Potentiometer
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Dial
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Controller
fe.protection.explode.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Distortion Flame
fe.protection.explode.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_battery.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ElectriBattery.name
fe.protection.explode.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_cable.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.RFCable.name
fe.protection.explode.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eubattery.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ElectriEUBattery.name
fe.protection.explode.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eucable.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EUCable.name
fe.protection.explode.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eusplit.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EUSplitter.name
fe.protection.explode.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_machine.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Converter.name
fe.protection.explode.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ElectriOre.name
fe.protection.explode.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_rfbattery.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ElectriRFBattery.name
fe.protection.explode.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_wire.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Wire.name
fe.protection.explode.Eln.Eln.Ore.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OreEln.name
fe.protection.explode.Eln.Eln.SixNode.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Eln.Eln.TransparentNode.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Eln.Eln.ghostBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.Eln.Eln.lightBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.Eln.eln.ElnProbe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Eln Computer Probe
fe.protection.explode.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherHVUBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE 800V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.explode.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherLVUBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE 50V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.explode.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherMVUBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE 200V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.explode.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.explode.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_camo.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Camo.name
fe.protection.explode.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_fullblock.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Fullblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_thintile.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Thintile.name
fe.protection.explode.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_wire.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LapisWire.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Angel Block
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chandelier
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Collector
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT Generator
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Trading Post
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Can
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.alveary.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.beehives.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.candle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.core.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.engine.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.factory2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fences.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethanol
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Biomass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mead
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Oil
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Mead
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.logs.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mail.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.pods.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.resources.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabs.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.soil.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.explode.Forestry.stump.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.explode.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Accumulation Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinder
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Death Flower
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Decomposition Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE End Powder Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Goo
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Head
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Endium Block
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Endium Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cluster
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Extraction Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Table
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Persegrit
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sphalerite
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Spooky Log
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stardust Ore
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Transport Beacon
fe.protection.explode.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Chest
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockCable.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE blockCable.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockWall.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE blockWall.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.explode.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iguana.tcon.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.InventoryPets.cloudblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud Block
fe.protection.explode.InventoryPets.cloudspawn.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud Spawner
fe.protection.explode.InventoryPets.sandblock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand Block
fe.protection.explode.InventoryPets.sandspawn.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand Spawner
fe.protection.explode.InventoryPets.stoneblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Block
fe.protection.explode.InventoryPets.stonespawn.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Spawner
fe.protection.explode.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.JABBA.barrel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Better Barrel
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Road
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bear Trap
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Button
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Placer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Cannon
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Donation Station
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawing Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fan
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Flag
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Egg
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grave
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Healer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Dropper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Can
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Path
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Block
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Target
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Trophy
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Bottler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Drain
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Shower
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Adapter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cable
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Disassembler
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Disk Drive
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Geolyzer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Keyboard
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Microcontroller
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Net Splitter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Converter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Distributor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.print.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Print
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Printer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rack
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Raid
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Relay
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Transposer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Waypoint
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.cube.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.detector.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.frame.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.ore.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Residual Heat
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.signal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.slab.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.stair.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Track
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Display
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Collector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Notification Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Online Detector
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectre Block
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.explode.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_coriumflowing.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MoltenCorium(Flowing).name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_duct.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluorite.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Fluorite.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluoriteore.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FluoriteOre.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_flywheelmulti.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multiblock.flywheel.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_generatormulti.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multiblock.generator.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_heatermulti.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multiblock.heater.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_injectormulti.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multiblock.injector.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_lamp.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reactor.lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_line.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Line.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_machine.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Machine.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_mats.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ReactorMaterials.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelmachine.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineModelled.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelreactor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ReactorModelled.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_reactor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_solenoidmulti.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multiblock.solenoid.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_steam.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Steam.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_thorium.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThoriumFuel.name
fe.protection.explode.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_turbinemulti.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multiblock.turbine.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_advancedgear.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_basic.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bcengine.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_beam.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.beam.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bedrockslice.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.bedrockslice.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastglass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.blastglass.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastpane.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.blastpane.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bridge.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.bridge.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_canola.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.canola.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_deco.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.deco.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_decotank.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.decotank.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dir.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodelinv.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_engine.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_flywheel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gearbox.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gpr.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_inv.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_light.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.light.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_miningpipe.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block.miningpipe.name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_piping.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_shaft.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_solar.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_trans.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile..name
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.energyrouter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE [WIP] Energy Router (RF) - Sender
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.fluidrouterin.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE [WIP] Liquid Router - Extractor
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.fluidrouterout.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE [WIP] Liquid Router - Sender
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.powerConverter.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE RF to EU Converter (8196 EU output, 36,000 RF buffer)
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.router.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Router
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.router_lampblock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Flood Light
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.router_lightbeam.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rr_lightbeam.name
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.routerbarrel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.routerbarrel.name
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.routercable.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.routerchest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE A Special Chest
fe.protection.explode.RouterReborn.routerold.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Router
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Detector
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Gate
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign Updater
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Controller Slave
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Framing Table
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Trim
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Drying Rack
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Casting Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Station
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue Block
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Frying Pan
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hambone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Landmine
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Forge
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE SDX
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Glass
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Gold
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Invar
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lead
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Silver
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glue
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Channel
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.explode.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Punji Stick
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.explode.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Shadow Ore
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Warped Leaves
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Warpwood
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Door
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Death
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Goo
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Space
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Old Urn
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.explode.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemite
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Seroconverter
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dust
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Inspiratron
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Orb
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Orb
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Monitor
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Soulforge
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Metal Spike
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tooth
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Curative Vat
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Curative Vat
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Forcefield
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.explode.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.explode.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.explode.Translocator.translocator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockAngmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Angmallen Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockAtlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Atlarus Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockCadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cadmium Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockCarmot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carmot Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockCelenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Celenegil Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockCeruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceruclase Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockDarkSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE DarkSteel Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungsten Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockEximite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Eximite Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockHaderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Haderoth Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockHepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hepatizon Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockInfuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Infuscolium Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockInolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Inolashite Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockLithium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lithium Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockOrichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Orichalcum Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockOureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Oureclase Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockPrometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Prometheum Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockRutile.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rutile Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockSanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sanguinite Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockTartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tartarite Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockVulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Vulcanite Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.blockVyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Vyroxeres Block
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAdamant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Adamant Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAdamantine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Adamantine Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAdamantium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Adamantium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAmericium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Americium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAngmallen.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Angmallen Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAntimony.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Antimony Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAnyCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE AnyCopper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAnyIron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE AnyIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ardite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushArsenic.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Arsenic Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAstralSilver.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE AstralSilver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushAtlarus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Atlarus Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushBeryllium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Beryllium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushBismuth.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bismuth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushCadmium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cadmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushCaesium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Caesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushCarmot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carmot Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushCelenegil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Celenegil Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushCerium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cerium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushCeruclase.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceruclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushChrome.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chrome Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobalt Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushDarkIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE DarkIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushDarkSteel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE DarkSteel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushDeepIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE DeepIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushDesh.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Desh Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Draconium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushDysprosium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dysprosium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushElectrum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushElnTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushErbium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Erbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushEuropium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Europium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushEximite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Eximite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushForce.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Force Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushGadolinium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gadolinium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushGallium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gallium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushHaderoth.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Haderoth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushHeeEndium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushHepatizon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hepatizon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushHolmium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Holmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushIndium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Indium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushInfuscolium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Infuscolium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushInfusedGold.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE InfusedGold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushInolashite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Inolashite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushIridium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iridium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushLanthanum.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lanthanum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushLead.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lead Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushLithium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lithium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushLutetium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lutetium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushMagnesium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushManganese.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Manganese Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushMeteoricIron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE MeteoricIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushMidasium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Midasium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mithril Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushMolybdenum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molybdenum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushNaquadah.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Naquadah Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushNaquadahEnriched.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE NaquadahEnriched Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushNaquadria.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Naquadria Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushNeodymium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Neodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushNeutronium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutronium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushNiobium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Niobium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushOrichalcum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Orichalcum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushOsmium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushOureclase.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oureclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushPalladium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Palladium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushPigIron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE PigIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Platinum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushPlutonium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Plutonium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushPlutonium241.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Plutonium241 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushPraseodymium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Praseodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushPrometheum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Prometheum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushPromethium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Promethium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushRubidium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubidium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushRutile.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rutile Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushSamarium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Samarium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushSanguinite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sanguinite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushScandium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Scandium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Shadow Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushShadowIron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ShadowIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushSilicon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Silicon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushSilver.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushTantalum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tantalum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushTartarite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tartarite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushTellurium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tellurium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushTerbium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Terbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushThorium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Thorium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushThulium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Thulium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushTitanium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Titanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushTritanium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushUranium235.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranium235 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushVanadium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanadium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushVulcanite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Vulcanite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushVyroxeres.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Vyroxeres Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushYtterbium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ytterbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushYttrium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Yttrium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.aobd.orebushZinc.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Controller
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.armourLibrary.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.armourersworkshop:armourLibrary.name
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.armourerBrain.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Armourer
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.awBoundingBox4.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.armourersworkshop:armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox4.name
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourMixer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Colour Mixer
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourable.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Equipment Cube
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Equipment Cube
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlassGlowing.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlowing.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.doll.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Doll
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.dyeTable.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dye Table
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.globalSkinLibrary.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Global Skin Library - (WIP)
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.mannequin.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mannequin
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.miniArmourer.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mini Armourer - (WIP)
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnable.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Skinnable Block
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnableGlowing.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.armourersworkshop:skinnableGlowing.name
fe.protection.explode.armourersWorkshop.block.skinningTable.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Skinning Table
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Backpack
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.auraDestructor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Aura Spoiler
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.auraStabiliser.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Aura Stabiliser
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.chunkLoader.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Chunk Loader
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.crystalDestructor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Crystal Destructor
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.dimTranciever.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.fluxWiper.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Wiper
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.generator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Generator
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.glassChaos.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chaos Fortified Glass
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.glassFrozen.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Frost Fortified Glass
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.infusedStone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Infused Stone
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.mruSpreader.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Redistributor
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.mrucuAbsorber.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE MRUCU Absorber
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.mrucuStabilizer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE MRUCU Balancer
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.nodeIrradiator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Aura Node Irradiator
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.radiatedNode.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Radiated Aura Node
fe.protection.explode.essenthaum.wandCharger.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Wand Charger
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.Drops.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essentialcraft.drops.name
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.advBreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Magical Breaker
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.air.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Air
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.assembler.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Assembler
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.blockBreaker.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Breaker
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.blockPale.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pale Block
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.cacti.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cacti
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.chaos.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chaos Corruption
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.chargingChamber.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Charging Chamber
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.chest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Chest
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.coldDistillator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cold Distillator
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.coldStone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cold Stone
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.compressed.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Drops
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.concrete.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.corruptionCleaner.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Corruption Cleaner
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.crystalController.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Controller
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.crystalExtractor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Extractor
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.crystalFormer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Former
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.darknessObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkness O8elisk
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.demonicPentacle.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Demonic Pentacle
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.demonicPlating.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Demonic Plating
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.dreadDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dread Dirt
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.ecAcceptor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enrichment Chamber MRU Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.ecBalancer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enrichment Chamber Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.ecController.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enrichment Chamber Controller
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.ecEjector.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Enrichment Chamber MRU Ejector
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.ecHoldingChamber.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Enrichment Chamber Holding Block
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.ecRedstoneController.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Enrichment Chamber Redstone Controller
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.ecStateChecker.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Enrichment Chamber State Checker
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.elementalCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Elemental Crystal
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.emberForge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ember Forge
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.enderGenerator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Generator
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.device.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essentialcraft.device.name
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fFence.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fortified Stone Fence
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE [TC]Fancy Amber Tile
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticSolid.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE [TC]Fancy Obsidian Tile
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.coldStone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Cold Stone Tile
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.concrete.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Concrete Tile
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.demonicPlating.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Demonic Plating
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.fortifiedStone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Fortified Stone Tile
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.magicPlating.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Magic Plating Tile
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mithrilinePlating.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mru.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy MRU Tile
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.palePlating.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Pale Plating Tile
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.voidStone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Void Stone Tile
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.name
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fortifiedGlass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Fortified Glass
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fortifiedStone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Fortified Stone
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.frozen.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Corruption
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.fruit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essentialcraft.fruit.name
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.furnaceMagic.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magmatic Furnace
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.heatGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Generator
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.holopad.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Holopad
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.invertedPlating.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.levitator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Levitator
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magic.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Corruption
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicFence.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Fence
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicPlating.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Plating Block
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicalDisplay.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE [NYI]Magical Display
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicalEnchanter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicalFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Furnace
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicalHopper.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Hopper
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicalJukebox.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicalMirror.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Mirror
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicalQuarry.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Quarry
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicalRepairer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Repairer
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicalTeleporter.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Teleporter
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magicianTable.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magician Table
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.magmaticSmeltery.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magmatic Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.matrixAbsorber.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Matrix Destructor
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.metadataManager.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Metadata Manager
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mimCrafter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Inventory Manager Crafting Module
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mimEjector.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Inventory Manager Export Node
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mimEjectorP.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Export Node
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mimInjector.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Inventory Manager Import Node
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mimInjectorP.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Import Node
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mimInvStorage.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Inventory Manager Storage Module
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mimScreen.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Inventory Manager Screen Module
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.name
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mithrilineFurnace.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mitriline Furnace
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.monsterClinger.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Holding Device
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.monsterHarvester.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Duplicator
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.moonWell.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Well
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mruCoil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Coil
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.mruCoilHardener.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Coil Base
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.naturalFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Natural Furnace
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.newMim.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Inventory Manager Core
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.oreDrops.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Elemental Infused Ore
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.platingPale.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pale Plating
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.playerPentacle.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Pentacle
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.portal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal To Hoanna
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.potionSpreader.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Potion Spreader
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.radiatingChamber.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Radiating Chamber
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.rayTower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ray Tower
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.reactor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Tesla Reactor Core
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.reactorSupport.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Tesla Reactor Support
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.redstoneTransmitter.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.rightClicker.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magical Activator
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.root.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Root
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.shade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE The SHADE
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.solarPrism.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar Prism
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.spreader.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE MRU Spreader
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.sunRayAbsorber.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Ray Absorber
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.tallGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essentialcraft.tallGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.torch.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.essentialcraft.torch.name
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.ultraFlowerBurner.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ultra Natural Furnace
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.ultraHeatGen.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ultra Heat Generator
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.voidFence.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Fence
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.voidGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Glass
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.voidStone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Stone
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.weaponMaker.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Weapon Bench
fe.protection.explode.essentialcraft.windRune.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wind Rune
fe.protection.explode.extracells.certustank.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.explode.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.explode.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.extracells.walrus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Walrus
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.explode.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Robin
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Transformer
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Air
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.mo.android_spawner.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rogue Android Spawner
fe.protection.explode.mo.android_station.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Android Station
fe.protection.explode.mo.bounding_box.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.mo.charging_station.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Charging Station
fe.protection.explode.mo.contract_market.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Contract Market
fe.protection.explode.mo.decomposer.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Decomposer
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.beams.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Grate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.carbon_fiber_plate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carbon Fiber Plate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.clean.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Smooth Plate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.coils.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Coils
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.engine_exhaust_plasma.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Engine Exhaust Plasma
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.floor_noise.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Linoleum Floor
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.floor_tile_white.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE White Floor Tiles
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.floor_tiles.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Floor Tiles
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.floor_tiles_green.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Floor Tiles
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.holo_matrix.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Holographic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.matter_tube.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Tube
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.separator.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Rail
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.stripes.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stripes
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.tritanium_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Lamp
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_colored.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Colored Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_stripe.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Plate Guided
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.vent.bright.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vent
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.vent.dark.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Vent
fe.protection.explode.mo.decorative.white_plate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Soft Wall Plates
fe.protection.explode.mo.dilithium_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dilithium Ore
fe.protection.explode.mo.force_glass.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Glass
fe.protection.explode.mo.fusion_reactor_coil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Reactor Coil
fe.protection.explode.mo.fusion_reactor_controller.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Reactor Controller
fe.protection.explode.mo.fusion_reactor_io.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusion Reactor IO
fe.protection.explode.mo.gravitational_anomaly.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravitational Anomaly
fe.protection.explode.mo.gravitational_stabilizer.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravitational Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.mo.heavy_matter_pipe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Heavy Duty Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.explode.mo.holo_sign.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Holographic Sign
fe.protection.explode.mo.inscriber.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.mo.machine_hull.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Hull
fe.protection.explode.mo.matter_analyzer.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.mo.matter_pipe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.explode.mo.matter_plasma.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Plasma
fe.protection.explode.mo.matter_recycler.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Recycler
fe.protection.explode.mo.microwave.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Microwave
fe.protection.explode.mo.molten_tritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Tritanium
fe.protection.explode.mo.network_pipe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Network Cable
fe.protection.explode.mo.network_router.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Network Router
fe.protection.explode.mo.network_switch.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Network Switch
fe.protection.explode.mo.pattern_monitor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Monitor
fe.protection.explode.mo.pattern_storage.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Storage
fe.protection.explode.mo.replicator.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Replicator
fe.protection.explode.mo.solar_panel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.mo.star_map.*                                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Star Map
fe.protection.explode.mo.transporter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Transporter
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_block.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Block
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.black.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.blue.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.brown.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.cyan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.gray.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.green.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.name
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.lime.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.magenta.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.orange.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tritanium_crate.orange.name
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.pink.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.purple.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.red.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.silver.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.white.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_crate.yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tritanium_crate.yellow.name
fe.protection.explode.mo.tritanium_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.explode.mo.weapon_station.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Weapon Station
fe.protection.explode.pga.plantgrowthaccelerator.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Activity Probe
fe.protection.explode.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Protector
fe.protection.explode.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Counter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.explode.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.explode.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.explode.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.explode.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dialing Device
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Builder
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Editor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.explode.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.explode.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.explode.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Extractor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Environmental Controller
fe.protection.explode.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Filter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.machineBase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Base
fe.protection.explode.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Frame
fe.protection.explode.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Infuser
fe.protection.explode.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Material Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Beamer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Booster
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Modular Storage
fe.protection.explode.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pearl Injector
fe.protection.explode.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Proxy Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Relay
fe.protection.explode.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Remote Storage
fe.protection.explode.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Monitor
fe.protection.explode.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen
fe.protection.explode.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen Controller
fe.protection.explode.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen
fe.protection.explode.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Security Manager
fe.protection.explode.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sequencer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.explode.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Shield Template
fe.protection.explode.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Simple Dialer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.explode.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spawner
fe.protection.explode.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Storage Scanner
fe.protection.explode.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Support Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Time Absorber
fe.protection.explode.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Timer
fe.protection.explode.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Block
fe.protection.explode.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Core
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Shroom
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurelia
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumaturge's Brazier
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Briar
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumaturge's Campfire
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluxium
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Linking Device
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Node Manipulator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Overchanting Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Plax Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pyrofluid
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quicksilver
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redlon Stem
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spike.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sweed Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Thauminite
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Void metal Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Crop
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.explode.witchery.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.artichoke.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.explode.witchery.barrier.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Beartrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.belladonna.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Belladonna
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.bramble.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brazier.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Brazier
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brew.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewgas.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.witchery.candelabra.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelabra
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.witchery.chalice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chalice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.explode.witchery.clever.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffin
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Critter Snare
fe.protection.explode.witchery.crystalball.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.explode.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Collector
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.explode.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.explode.witchery.demonheart.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Heart
fe.protection.explode.witchery.disease.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Disease
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Distillery
fe.protection.explode.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.explode.witchery.embermoss.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ember Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.force.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid
fe.protection.explode.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.explode.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Garlic
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glintweed.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glint Weed
fe.protection.explode.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Globe
fe.protection.explode.witchery.grassper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grassper
fe.protection.explode.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefence.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Fence
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Gate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.iceslab.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestairs.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.icestockade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.explode.witchery.kettle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Kettle
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.explode.witchery.leechchest.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Leech Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.light.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.lilypad.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mandrake.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mandrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mindrake.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Minedrake
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror
fe.protection.explode.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.explode.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.witchery.placeditem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.plantmine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.explode.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.explode.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Scarecrow
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.silvervat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Vat
fe.protection.explode.witchery.slurp.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowbell.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowbell
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowslab.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.explode.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.explode.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.explode.witchery.stockade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Portal
fe.protection.explode.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Torment Stone
fe.protection.explode.witchery.trent.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.explode.witchery.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine
fe.protection.explode.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Bramble
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wallgen.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.web.*                                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Web
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Witches Oven
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchlog.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Head
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolftrap
fe.protection.explode.witchery.wormwood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wormwood
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                          # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Altar
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Conduit
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Incense Crucible
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Demon's Chest
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spell Table
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mimic Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Schematic Saver
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Teleposer
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Light
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Filled Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Portal
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Socket
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Life Essence
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Stone
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Block
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spectral Container
fe.protection.interact.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Speed Rune
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Anchor Point
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Air Balloon
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Shore Buffer
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crate
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Engine
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Floater
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ship's Helm
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Passenger Seat
fe.protection.interact.ArchimedesShipsPlus.stickyBuffer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Buffer
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Eager Chest
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Signum Entia
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Locus
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Finical Maw
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Greedy Chest
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hourglass
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Maw
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Inventarium Core
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Siren's Lure
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nethermind
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Phenomenon
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Remote Comparator
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Requisition Tome
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tally Box
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Reader
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.interact.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Stone
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.alphamultiblock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT MiniBlock(Alpha)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.andon.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Andon
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bamboo.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bamboo2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooLiangThick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooLiangThick.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooLiangThin.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooLiangThin.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooLiangVLogThick.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThin.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooLiangVLogThin.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooLiangVWoodThick.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThin.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooLiangVWoodThin.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooMillStone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT MillStone
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooMoss.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT MossBlock
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooMultiPot.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT MiniFlowerpot
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bambooPanel.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooPanel.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bamboohuton.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bamboohuton.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bamboomultiblock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT MiniBlock
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.bamboosingle.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bamboosingle.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.beanPlant.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT BeanPlant
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.blobkbroom.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blobkbroom.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.blockbambooshoot.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bambooshoot
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.campfire.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Campfire
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.crossLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crossLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.deco.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.deco.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.decoCarpet.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.decoCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.decoCurvePlaster.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.decoCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.decoDCurvePlaster.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.decoDCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.decoPlaster.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.decoPlaster.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.delude_height.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Camoslab(Vertical)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.delude_plate.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Camoplate
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.delude_stair.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Camostairs
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.delude_width.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Camoslab
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.dirSquare.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirSquare.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.halfDeco.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDeco.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.halfDirSquare.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDirSquare.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.halfTwoDirDeco.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfTwoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.jpChest.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT JpChest
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.kawara_stair.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Kawara_stair
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.kayabukiRoof.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT KayabukiStair
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.kitunebi.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Kitunebi
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.maneki.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Maneki
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.ricePlant.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT RicePlant
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.sakuraLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT SakuraLeaves
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.sakuraLog.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT SakuraLog
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.sakuraSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT SakuraSapling
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.sakuracarpet.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT SakuraCarpet
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.seaweed.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT SeaWeed
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.singleTexDeco.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.singleTexDeco.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.spaUnit.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT SpaUnit
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.spaWater.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT SpaWater
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.thickBirchPillar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT BirchPillar(thick)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.thickOrcPillar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT OrcPillar(thick)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.thickSakuraPillar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT SakuraPillar(thick)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.thickSprucePillar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT SprucePillar(thick)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.thinBirchPillar.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT BirchPillar(thin)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.thinOrcPillar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT OrcPillar(thin)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.thinSakuraPillar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT SakuraPillar(thin)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.thinSprucePillar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT SprucePillar(thin)
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.tomatoPlant.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT TomatoPlant
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.twoDirDeco.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.villagerBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT VillagerBlock
fe.protection.interact.BambooMod.wara_stair.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Straw_stair
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Architect Table
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Builder Block
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Construction Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Filler
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Electronic Library
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quarry
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Land Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Path Mark
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Oil
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Workbench
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chute
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Flood Gate
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Well
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Pipe
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pump
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Requester
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Zone Planner
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Laser
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Recipe Packager
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.interact.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AdvancedGreenhouse.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Greenhouse
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AdvancedPCubeIdle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Power Cube
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AlgorithmAssimilator.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Algorithm Assimilator
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AlgorithmSeperatorIdle.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Algorithm Separator
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AmethystBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Block
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AmethystFence.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Fence
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AmethystLeaf.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AmethystLog.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Wood
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AmethystPlanks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Planks
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AmethystSapling.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AmethystStairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Amethyst Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AnalysingChamber.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Analysing Chamber
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.AtomicMultiplier.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Atomic Multiplier
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.BasicGreenhouse.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Greenhouse
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.BroccoliPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Broccoli Plant
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.CO2Generator.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carbon Dioxide Generator
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.CalculatorLocator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Calculator Locator
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.CalculatorPlug.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Calculator Plug
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.CalculatorTeleporter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Teleporter
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ClearStableGlass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Clear Stable Glass
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ConductorMast.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Conductor Mast
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ConductorMastBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Conductor Mast
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.Crank.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crank Handle
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.CrankedGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hand Cranked Generator
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.DiamondFence.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Fence
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.DiamondLeaf.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.DiamondLog.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Wood
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.DiamondPlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Planks
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.DiamondSapling.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.DiamondStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.DockingStation.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Docking Station
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ElectricBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.EndBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT End Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.EnrichedBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Enriched Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ExtractionChamber.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Extraction Chamber
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.FiddledewPlant.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fiddledew Plant
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.FlawlessBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flawless Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.FlawlessFireBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.FlawlessGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flawless Glass
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.FlawlessGreenhouse.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Flawless Greenhouse
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.FluxController.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Controller
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.FluxPlug.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Plug
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.FluxPoint.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Point
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.HealthProcessor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Health Processor
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.HungerProcessor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hunger Processor
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.LanternBasic.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lantern
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.LanternOff.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gas Lantern
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.LanternOn.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gas Lantern
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.MagneticFlux.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetic Flux
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.PCubeIdle.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Power Cube
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.PearFence.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Fence
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.PearLeaf.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.PearLog.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Wood
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.PearPlanks.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Planks
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.PearSapling.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.PearStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.PrecisionChamber.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Precision Chamber
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ProcessingChamber.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Processing Chamber
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.PrunaePlant.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Prunae Plant
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.RainSensor.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rain Sensor
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReassemblyChamber.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Reassembly Chamber
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickFence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Dirt Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickStairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Dirt Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtFence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Dirt Fence
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtStairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Dirt Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickFence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickStairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneFence.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Stone Fence
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneStairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ResearchChamber.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Research Chamber
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.RestorationChamber.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Restoration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.Scarecrow.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Scarecrow
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.ScarecrowBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Scarecrow
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.StableGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stable Glass
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.StoneAssimilator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Assimilator
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.StoneSeperatorIdle.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Separator
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.StorageChamber.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Storage Chamber
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.TanzaniteBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tanzanite Block
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.TanzaniteFence.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tanzanite Fence
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.TanzaniteLeaf.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tanzanite Leaves
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.TanzaniteLog.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tanzanite Wood
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.TanzanitePlanks.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tanzanite Planks
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.TanzaniteSapling.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tanzanite Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.TanzaniteStairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tanzanite Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.Transmitter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.TransmitterBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.WeakenedBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Weakened Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.WeatherController.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Controller
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.WeatherStation.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Station
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.WeatherStationBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Station
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.atomiccalculatorBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Atomic Calculator
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.calculatorScreen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.calculatorScreen.name
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.dynamiccalculatorBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamic Calculator
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.glowstoneextractor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Extractor
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.purifiedobsidianBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Purified Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.redstoneextractor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Extractor
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.reinforceddirtBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Dirt
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.reinforceddirtBrick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Dirt Bricks
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.stablestoneBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stable Stone
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.stablestonerimmedBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stablestonerimmedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Calculator.starchextractor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Starch Extractor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.interact.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.interact.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Disenchanter
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Draconic Chest
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Draconium Ore
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Infuser
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Pylon
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Core
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Generator
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mob Grinder
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Core
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Particle Generator
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Player Detector
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Potentiometer
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rain Sensor
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Dial
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Controller
fe.protection.interact.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Distortion Flame
fe.protection.interact.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_battery.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ElectriBattery.name
fe.protection.interact.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_cable.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.RFCable.name
fe.protection.interact.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eubattery.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ElectriEUBattery.name
fe.protection.interact.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eucable.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EUCable.name
fe.protection.interact.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eusplit.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EUSplitter.name
fe.protection.interact.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_machine.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Converter.name
fe.protection.interact.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ElectriOre.name
fe.protection.interact.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_rfbattery.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ElectriRFBattery.name
fe.protection.interact.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_wire.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Wire.name
fe.protection.interact.Eln.Eln.Ore.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreEln.name
fe.protection.interact.Eln.Eln.SixNode.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Eln.Eln.TransparentNode.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Eln.Eln.ghostBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.Eln.Eln.lightBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.Eln.eln.ElnProbe.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eln Computer Probe
fe.protection.interact.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherHVUBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT 800V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.interact.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherLVUBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT 50V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.interact.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherMVUBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT 200V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.interact.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.interact.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_camo.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Camo.name
fe.protection.interact.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_fullblock.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Fullblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_thintile.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Thintile.name
fe.protection.interact.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_wire.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LapisWire.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Angel Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chandelier
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mini-Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cursed Earth
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Marker
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Collector
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Quarry
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT TNT Generator
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magnum Torch
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Peaceful Table
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Clock
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trading Post
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.alveary.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.beehives.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.candle.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.core.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.engine.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.factory2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fences.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ethanol
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Biomass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Glass
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crushed Ice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Juice
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Oil
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Short Mead
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.logs.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mail.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.pods.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.resources.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabs.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.soil.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairs.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.interact.Forestry.stump.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Accumulation Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cinder
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Death Flower
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Decomposition Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT End Powder Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Goo
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Head
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Endium Block
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Endium Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cluster
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Extraction Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Table
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Persegrit
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sphalerite
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Spooky Log
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stardust Ore
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Transport Beacon
fe.protection.interact.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Void Chest
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockCable.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT blockCable.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockCrop.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockElectric.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockHarz.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockITNT.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT blockMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockNuke.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT blockRubber.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockWall.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT blockWall.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.interact.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iguana.tcon.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.InventoryPets.cloudblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud Block
fe.protection.interact.InventoryPets.cloudspawn.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud Spawner
fe.protection.interact.InventoryPets.sandblock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Block
fe.protection.interact.InventoryPets.sandspawn.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sand Spawner
fe.protection.interact.InventoryPets.stoneblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Block
fe.protection.interact.InventoryPets.stonespawn.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Spawner
fe.protection.interact.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.JABBA.barrel.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Better Barrel
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Road
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Anvil
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Big Button
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block Placer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Item Cannon
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Donation Station
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Drawing Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fan
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Flag
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Egg
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grave
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Healer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Item Dropper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Can
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Mixer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Path
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Height Map Projector
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Block
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Target
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Trophy
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Village Highlighter
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT XP Bottler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT XP Drain
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT XP Shower
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Adapter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cable
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Disassembler
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Disk Drive
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Geolyzer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Keyboard
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Microcontroller
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Motion Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Net Splitter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Power Converter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Power Distributor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.print.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Print
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Printer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rack
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Raid
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone I/O
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Relay
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Robot.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Robot
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Transposer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Waypoint
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.cube.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.detector.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.frame.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.ore.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Residual Heat
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.signal.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.slab.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.stair.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Distributor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Display
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Imbuing Station
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Item Collector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Notification Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Online Detector
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Block
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spectre Glass
fe.protection.interact.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Lever
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_coriumflowing.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MoltenCorium(Flowing).name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_duct.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluorite.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Fluorite.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluoriteore.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FluoriteOre.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_flywheelmulti.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multiblock.flywheel.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_generatormulti.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multiblock.generator.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_heatermulti.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multiblock.heater.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_injectormulti.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multiblock.injector.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_lamp.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reactor.lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_line.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Line.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_machine.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_mats.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ReactorMaterials.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelmachine.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineModelled.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelreactor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ReactorModelled.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_reactor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_solenoidmulti.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multiblock.solenoid.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_steam.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Steam.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_thorium.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThoriumFuel.name
fe.protection.interact.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_turbinemulti.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multiblock.turbine.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_advancedgear.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_basic.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bcengine.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_beam.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.beam.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bedrockslice.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.bedrockslice.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastglass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.blastglass.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastpane.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.blastpane.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bridge.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.bridge.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_canola.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.canola.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_deco.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.deco.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_decotank.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.decotank.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dir.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodelinv.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_engine.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_flywheel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gearbox.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gpr.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_inv.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_light.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.light.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_miningpipe.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block.miningpipe.name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_piping.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_shaft.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_solar.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_trans.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile..name
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.energyrouter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT [WIP] Energy Router (RF) - Sender
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.fluidrouterin.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT [WIP] Liquid Router - Extractor
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.fluidrouterout.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT [WIP] Liquid Router - Sender
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.powerConverter.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT RF to EU Converter (8196 EU output, 36,000 RF buffer)
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.router.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Item Router
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.router_lampblock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Flood Light
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.router_lightbeam.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rr_lightbeam.name
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.routerbarrel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.routerbarrel.name
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.routercable.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Cable
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.routerchest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT A Special Chest
fe.protection.interact.RouterReborn.routerold.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Item Router
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block Detector
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block Gate
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Supplier
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Cable
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sign Updater
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Drawer Controller
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Controller Slave
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Framing Table
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawer
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Trim
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Drying Rack
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Casting Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Station
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slab Furnace
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glue Block
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Frying Pan
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hambone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Landmine
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Forge
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT SDX
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Ender
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Alumite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ardite
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Enderium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Glass
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Gold
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Invar
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lead
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lumium
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Nickel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Shiny
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Signalum
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Silver
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Tin
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glue
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Slime
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Channel
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bounce Pad
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.interact.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Punji Stick
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.interact.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Shadow Ore
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Warped Leaves
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Warpwood
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Door
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Chest
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Death
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Gas  
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Goo
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Space
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Old Urn
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.interact.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemite
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Seroconverter
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bone
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lump of Brain
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Deep Crystal
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dust
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Eye Cluster
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Gateway
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Inspiratron
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Orb
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Node Monitor
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Beacon
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sieve
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Soulforge
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Metal Spike
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tooth
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Curative Vat
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Planar Boundary
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Forcefield
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Interface
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.interact.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.interact.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Grid
fe.protection.interact.Translocator.translocator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Connector
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockAngmallen.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Angmallen Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockAtlarus.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Atlarus Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockCadmium.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cadmium Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockCarmot.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carmot Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockCelenegil.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Celenegil Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockCeruclase.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ceruclase Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockDarkSteel.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT DarkSteel Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockElnTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockEximite.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Eximite Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockHaderoth.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Haderoth Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockHepatizon.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hepatizon Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockInfuscolium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Infuscolium Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockInolashite.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Inolashite Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockLithium.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lithium Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockOrichalcum.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Orichalcum Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockOureclase.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Oureclase Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockPrometheum.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Prometheum Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockRutile.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rutile Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockSanguinite.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sanguinite Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockTartarite.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tartarite Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockVulcanite.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Vulcanite Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.blockVyroxeres.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Vyroxeres Block
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAdamant.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Adamant Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAdamantine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Adamantine Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAdamantium.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Adamantium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAmericium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Americium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAngmallen.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Angmallen Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAntimony.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Antimony Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAnyCopper.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT AnyCopper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAnyIron.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT AnyIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushArdite.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ardite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushArsenic.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Arsenic Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAstralSilver.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT AstralSilver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushAtlarus.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Atlarus Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushBeryllium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Beryllium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushBismuth.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bismuth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushCadmium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cadmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushCaesium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Caesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushCarmot.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carmot Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushCelenegil.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Celenegil Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushCerium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cerium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushCeruclase.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ceruclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushChrome.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chrome Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushCobalt.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cobalt Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushDarkIron.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT DarkIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushDarkSteel.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT DarkSteel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushDeepIron.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT DeepIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushDesh.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Desh Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushDraconium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Draconium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushDysprosium.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dysprosium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushElectrum.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Electrum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushElnTungsten.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushErbium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Erbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushEuropium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Europium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushEximite.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Eximite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushForce.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Force Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushGadolinium.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gadolinium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushGallium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gallium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushHaderoth.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Haderoth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushHeeEndium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushHepatizon.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hepatizon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushHolmium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Holmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushIndium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Indium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushInfuscolium.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Infuscolium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushInfusedGold.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT InfusedGold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushInolashite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Inolashite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushIridium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iridium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushLanthanum.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lanthanum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushLead.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lead Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushLithium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lithium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushLutetium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lutetium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushMagnesium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Magnesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushManganese.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Manganese Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushMeteoricIron.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT MeteoricIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushMidasium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Midasium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushMithril.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mithril Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushMolybdenum.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molybdenum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushNaquadah.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Naquadah Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushNaquadahEnriched.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT NaquadahEnriched Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushNaquadria.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Naquadria Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushNeodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Neodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushNeutronium.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Neutronium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushNickel.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushNiobium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Niobium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushOrichalcum.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Orichalcum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushOsmium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Osmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushOureclase.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oureclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushPalladium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Palladium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushPigIron.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT PigIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushPlatinum.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Platinum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushPlutonium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Plutonium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushPlutonium241.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Plutonium241 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushPraseodymium.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Praseodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushPrometheum.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Prometheum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushPromethium.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Promethium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushRubidium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Rubidium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushRutile.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rutile Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushSamarium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Samarium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushSanguinite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sanguinite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushScandium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Scandium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushShadow.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Shadow Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushShadowIron.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ShadowIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushSilicon.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Silicon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushSilver.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushTantalum.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tantalum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushTartarite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tartarite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushTellurium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tellurium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushTerbium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Terbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushThorium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Thorium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushThulium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Thulium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushTitanium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Titanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushTritanium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushUranium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Uranium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushUranium235.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Uranium235 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushVanadium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Vanadium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushVulcanite.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Vulcanite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushVyroxeres.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Vyroxeres Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushYtterbium.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ytterbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushYttrium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Yttrium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.aobd.orebushZinc.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crank
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Frame
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.armourLibrary.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.armourersworkshop:armourLibrary.name
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.armourerBrain.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Armourer
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.awBoundingBox4.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.armourersworkshop:armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox4.name
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourMixer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Colour Mixer
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourable.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Equipment Cube
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Equipment Cube
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlassGlowing.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlowing.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.doll.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Doll
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.dyeTable.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dye Table
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.globalSkinLibrary.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Global Skin Library - (WIP)
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.mannequin.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mannequin
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.miniArmourer.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mini Armourer - (WIP)
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnable.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Skinnable Block
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnableGlowing.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.armourersworkshop:skinnableGlowing.name
fe.protection.interact.armourersWorkshop.block.skinningTable.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Skinning Table
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Backpack
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Chest
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                                     # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.auraDestructor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Aura Spoiler
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.auraStabiliser.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Aura Stabiliser
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.chunkLoader.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Chunk Loader
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.crystalDestructor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Crystal Destructor
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.dimTranciever.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.fluxWiper.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Wiper
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.generator.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Generator
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.glassChaos.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chaos Fortified Glass
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.glassFrozen.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Frost Fortified Glass
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.infusedStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Infused Stone
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.mruSpreader.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Redistributor
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.mrucuAbsorber.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT MRUCU Absorber
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.mrucuStabilizer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT MRUCU Balancer
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.nodeIrradiator.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Aura Node Irradiator
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.radiatedNode.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Radiated Aura Node
fe.protection.interact.essenthaum.wandCharger.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Wand Charger
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.Drops.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essentialcraft.drops.name
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.advBreaker.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Magical Breaker
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.air.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Air
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.assembler.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Assembler
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.blockBreaker.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Breaker
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.blockPale.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pale Block
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.cacti.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cacti
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.chaos.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chaos Corruption
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.chargingChamber.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Charging Chamber
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.chest.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Chest
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.coldDistillator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cold Distillator
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.coldStone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cold Stone
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.compressed.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Drops
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.concrete.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.corruptionCleaner.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Corruption Cleaner
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.crystalController.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Controller
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.crystalExtractor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Extractor
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.crystalFormer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Former
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.darknessObelisk.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Darkness O8elisk
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.demonicPentacle.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Demonic Pentacle
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.demonicPlating.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Demonic Plating
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.dreadDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dread Dirt
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.ecAcceptor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enrichment Chamber MRU Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.ecBalancer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enrichment Chamber Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.ecController.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enrichment Chamber Controller
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.ecEjector.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Enrichment Chamber MRU Ejector
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.ecHoldingChamber.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Enrichment Chamber Holding Block
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.ecRedstoneController.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Enrichment Chamber Redstone Controller
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.ecStateChecker.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Enrichment Chamber State Checker
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.elementalCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Elemental Crystal
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.emberForge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ember Forge
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.enderGenerator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Generator
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.device.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essentialcraft.device.name
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fFence.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fortified Stone Fence
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT [TC]Fancy Amber Tile
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticSolid.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT [TC]Fancy Obsidian Tile
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.coldStone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Cold Stone Tile
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.concrete.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Concrete Tile
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.demonicPlating.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Demonic Plating
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.fortifiedStone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Fortified Stone Tile
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.magicPlating.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Magic Plating Tile
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mithrilinePlating.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mru.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy MRU Tile
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.palePlating.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Pale Plating Tile
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.voidStone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Void Stone Tile
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.name
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fortifiedGlass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Fortified Glass
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fortifiedStone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Fortified Stone
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.frozen.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Corruption
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.fruit.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essentialcraft.fruit.name
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.furnaceMagic.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magmatic Furnace
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.heatGenerator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Generator
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.holopad.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Holopad
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.invertedPlating.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.levitator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Levitator
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magic.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Corruption
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicFence.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Fence
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicPlating.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Plating Block
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicalDisplay.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT [NYI]Magical Display
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicalEnchanter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicalFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Furnace
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicalHopper.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Hopper
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicalJukebox.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicalMirror.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Mirror
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicalQuarry.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Quarry
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicalRepairer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Repairer
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicalTeleporter.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Teleporter
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magicianTable.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magician Table
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.magmaticSmeltery.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magmatic Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.matrixAbsorber.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Destructor
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.metadataManager.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Metadata Manager
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mimCrafter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Inventory Manager Crafting Module
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mimEjector.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Inventory Manager Export Node
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mimEjectorP.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Export Node
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mimInjector.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Inventory Manager Import Node
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mimInjectorP.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Import Node
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mimInvStorage.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Inventory Manager Storage Module
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mimScreen.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Inventory Manager Screen Module
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.name
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mithrilineFurnace.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mitriline Furnace
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.monsterClinger.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Holding Device
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.monsterHarvester.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Duplicator
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.moonWell.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Well
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mruCoil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Coil
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.mruCoilHardener.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Coil Base
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.naturalFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Natural Furnace
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.newMim.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Inventory Manager Core
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.oreDrops.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Elemental Infused Ore
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.platingPale.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pale Plating
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.playerPentacle.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Pentacle
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Portal To Hoanna
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.potionSpreader.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Potion Spreader
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.radiatingChamber.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Radiating Chamber
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.rayTower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ray Tower
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.reactor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Tesla Reactor Core
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.reactorSupport.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Tesla Reactor Support
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.redstoneTransmitter.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.rightClicker.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magical Activator
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.root.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Root
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.shade.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT The SHADE
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.solarPrism.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Solar Prism
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.spreader.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT MRU Spreader
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.sunRayAbsorber.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Ray Absorber
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.tallGrass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essentialcraft.tallGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.torch.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.essentialcraft.torch.name
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.ultraFlowerBurner.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ultra Natural Furnace
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.ultraHeatGen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ultra Heat Generator
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.voidFence.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Void Fence
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.voidGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Void Glass
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.voidStone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Void Stone
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.weaponMaker.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Weapon Bench
fe.protection.interact.essentialcraft.windRune.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wind Rune
fe.protection.interact.extracells.certustank.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.interact.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.interact.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.extracells.walrus.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walrus
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT DNA Extractor
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid DNA
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Protein
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.interact.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Item Robin
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT ME Transformer
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Air
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.mo.android_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rogue Android Spawner
fe.protection.interact.mo.android_station.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Android Station
fe.protection.interact.mo.bounding_box.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.mo.charging_station.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Charging Station
fe.protection.interact.mo.contract_market.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Contract Market
fe.protection.interact.mo.decomposer.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Decomposer
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.beams.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Grate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.carbon_fiber_plate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carbon Fiber Plate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.clean.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Smooth Plate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.coils.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Coils
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.engine_exhaust_plasma.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Engine Exhaust Plasma
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.floor_noise.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Linoleum Floor
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.floor_tile_white.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT White Floor Tiles
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.floor_tiles.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Floor Tiles
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.floor_tiles_green.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Green Floor Tiles
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.holo_matrix.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Holographic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.matter_tube.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Tube
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.separator.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Rail
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.stripes.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stripes
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.tritanium_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Lamp
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_colored.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Colored Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_stripe.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Plate Guided
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.vent.bright.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vent
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.vent.dark.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Vent
fe.protection.interact.mo.decorative.white_plate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Soft Wall Plates
fe.protection.interact.mo.dilithium_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dilithium Ore
fe.protection.interact.mo.force_glass.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Glass
fe.protection.interact.mo.fusion_reactor_coil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Reactor Coil
fe.protection.interact.mo.fusion_reactor_controller.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Reactor Controller
fe.protection.interact.mo.fusion_reactor_io.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fusion Reactor IO
fe.protection.interact.mo.gravitational_anomaly.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gravitational Anomaly
fe.protection.interact.mo.gravitational_stabilizer.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gravitational Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.mo.heavy_matter_pipe.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Heavy Duty Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.interact.mo.holo_sign.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Holographic Sign
fe.protection.interact.mo.inscriber.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.mo.machine_hull.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Hull
fe.protection.interact.mo.matter_analyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.mo.matter_pipe.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.interact.mo.matter_plasma.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Plasma
fe.protection.interact.mo.matter_recycler.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Recycler
fe.protection.interact.mo.microwave.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Microwave
fe.protection.interact.mo.molten_tritanium.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Tritanium
fe.protection.interact.mo.network_pipe.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Network Cable
fe.protection.interact.mo.network_router.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Network Router
fe.protection.interact.mo.network_switch.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Network Switch
fe.protection.interact.mo.pattern_monitor.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Monitor
fe.protection.interact.mo.pattern_storage.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Storage
fe.protection.interact.mo.replicator.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Replicator
fe.protection.interact.mo.solar_panel.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.mo.star_map.*                                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Star Map
fe.protection.interact.mo.transporter.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Transporter
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_block.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Block
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.black.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Black Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.blue.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.brown.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.gray.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.green.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.name
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.lime.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.magenta.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.orange.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tritanium_crate.orange.name
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.pink.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.purple.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.red.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.silver.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.white.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_crate.yellow.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tritanium_crate.yellow.name
fe.protection.interact.mo.tritanium_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.interact.mo.weapon_station.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Weapon Station
fe.protection.interact.pga.plantgrowthaccelerator.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plant Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Activity Probe
fe.protection.interact.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block Protector
fe.protection.interact.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Builder Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Counter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.interact.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.interact.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.interact.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.interact.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dialing Device
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Builder
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Editor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.interact.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.interact.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.interact.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Extractor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Environmental Controller
fe.protection.interact.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Item Filter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.machineBase.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Base
fe.protection.interact.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Frame
fe.protection.interact.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Infuser
fe.protection.interact.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Material Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Beamer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Booster
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Modular Storage
fe.protection.interact.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pearl Injector
fe.protection.interact.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Proxy Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Power Relay
fe.protection.interact.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Remote Storage
fe.protection.interact.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT RF Monitor
fe.protection.interact.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Screen
fe.protection.interact.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Screen Controller
fe.protection.interact.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Screen
fe.protection.interact.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Security Manager
fe.protection.interact.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sequencer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.interact.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Shield Template
fe.protection.interact.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Simple Dialer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.interact.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spawner
fe.protection.interact.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Storage Scanner
fe.protection.interact.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Support Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Time Absorber
fe.protection.interact.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Timer
fe.protection.interact.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Block
fe.protection.interact.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Core
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Shroom
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Aurelia
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumaturge's Brazier
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Briar
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumaturge's Campfire
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fluxium
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Node Linking Device
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Node Manipulator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Overchanting Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Plax Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pyrofluid
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quicksilver
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redlon Stem
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spike.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sweed Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Thauminite
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Void metal Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Void Crop
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*         # (default: true) INTERACT Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*      # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Provider
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Provider
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Alluring Skull
fe.protection.interact.witchery.altar.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.artichoke.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Water Artichoke
fe.protection.interact.witchery.barrier.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.beartrap.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Beartrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.belladonna.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Belladonna
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Crucible
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Poppy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.bramble.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brazier.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Brazier
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brew.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewgas.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.witchery.candelabra.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.witchery.chalice.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chalice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circle.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Heart Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.interact.witchery.clever.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Coffin
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Critter Snare
fe.protection.interact.witchery.crystalball.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Ball
fe.protection.interact.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Collector
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.interact.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.interact.witchery.demonheart.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Heart
fe.protection.interact.witchery.disease.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Disease
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Distillery
fe.protection.interact.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dream Weaver
fe.protection.interact.witchery.embermoss.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ember Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.force.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Solid
fe.protection.interact.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fume Funnel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic Garland
fe.protection.interact.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Garlic
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glintweed.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glint Weed
fe.protection.interact.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Globe
fe.protection.interact.witchery.grassper.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grassper
fe.protection.interact.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoor.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefence.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Fence
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Gate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.iceslab.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestairs.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.icestockade.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Egg
fe.protection.interact.witchery.kettle.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Kettle
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Leaping Lily
fe.protection.interact.witchery.leechchest.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Leech Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.light.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.lilypad.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mandrake.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mandrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mindrake.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Minedrake
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror
fe.protection.interact.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mirror Surface
fe.protection.interact.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.witchery.placeditem.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.plantmine.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.interact.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.interact.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Scarecrow
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.silvervat.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Vat
fe.protection.interact.witchery.slurp.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowbell.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Snowbell
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowslab.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spanish Moss
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.interact.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spirit Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Alder Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.interact.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.interact.witchery.stockade.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Portal
fe.protection.interact.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Torment Stone
fe.protection.interact.witchery.trent.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Trent Effigy
fe.protection.interact.witchery.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Vine
fe.protection.interact.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Void Bramble
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wallgen.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.web.*                                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Web
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Witches Oven
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchlog.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwood.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Altar
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Head
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wolfsbane
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wolftrap
fe.protection.interact.witchery.wormwood.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wormwood
fe.protection.place.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blood Altar
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spell Table
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mimic Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filled Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Demon Portal
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Empty Socket
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Block
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Container
fe.protection.place.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Speed Rune
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Anchor Point
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Air Balloon
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shore Buffer
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Steam Engine
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Floater
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ship's Helm
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Seat
fe.protection.place.ArchimedesShipsPlus.stickyBuffer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Buffer
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eager Chest
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Signum Entia
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Locus
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Finical Maw
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Greedy Chest
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hourglass
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Maw
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inventarium Core
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Siren's Lure
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nethermind
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Phenomenon
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Remote Comparator
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Requisition Tome
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vis Reader
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.place.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Soul Stone
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.alphamultiblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE MiniBlock(Alpha)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.andon.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Andon
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bamboo.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bamboo2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooLiangThick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangThick.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooLiangThin.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangThin.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVLogThick.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThin.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVLogThin.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVWoodThick.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThin.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVWoodThin.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooMillStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE MillStone
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooMoss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE MossBlock
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooMultiPot.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MiniFlowerpot
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bambooPanel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooPanel.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bamboohuton.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bamboohuton.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bamboomultiblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE MiniBlock
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.bamboosingle.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.bamboosingle.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.beanPlant.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE BeanPlant
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.blobkbroom.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blobkbroom.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.blockbambooshoot.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bambooshoot
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.campfire.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.crossLamp.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.crossLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.deco.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.deco.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.decoCarpet.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.decoCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.decoCurvePlaster.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.decoCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.decoDCurvePlaster.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.decoDCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.decoPlaster.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.decoPlaster.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.delude_height.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Camoslab(Vertical)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.delude_plate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Camoplate
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.delude_stair.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Camostairs
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.delude_width.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Camoslab
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.dirSquare.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirSquare.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.halfDeco.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDeco.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.halfDirSquare.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDirSquare.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.halfTwoDirDeco.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfTwoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.jpChest.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE JpChest
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.kawara_stair.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kawara_stair
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.kayabukiRoof.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE KayabukiStair
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.kitunebi.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Kitunebi
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.maneki.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Maneki
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.ricePlant.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE RicePlant
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.sakuraLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE SakuraLeaves
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.sakuraLog.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE SakuraLog
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.sakuraSapling.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE SakuraSapling
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.sakuracarpet.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE SakuraCarpet
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.seaweed.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE SeaWeed
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.singleTexDeco.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.singleTexDeco.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.spaUnit.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE SpaUnit
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.spaWater.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE SpaWater
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.thickBirchPillar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE BirchPillar(thick)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.thickOrcPillar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE OrcPillar(thick)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.thickSakuraPillar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE SakuraPillar(thick)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.thickSprucePillar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE SprucePillar(thick)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.thinBirchPillar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE BirchPillar(thin)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.thinOrcPillar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE OrcPillar(thin)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.thinSakuraPillar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE SakuraPillar(thin)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.thinSprucePillar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE SprucePillar(thin)
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.tomatoPlant.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE TomatoPlant
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.twoDirDeco.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.villagerBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE VillagerBlock
fe.protection.place.BambooMod.wara_stair.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Straw_stair
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Laser
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.place.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AdvancedGreenhouse.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Greenhouse
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AdvancedPCubeIdle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Power Cube
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AlgorithmAssimilator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Algorithm Assimilator
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AlgorithmSeperatorIdle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Algorithm Separator
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AmethystBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AmethystFence.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Fence
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AmethystLeaf.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Leaves
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AmethystLog.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Wood
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AmethystPlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Planks
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AmethystSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Sapling
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AmethystStairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Stairs
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AnalysingChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Analysing Chamber
fe.protection.place.Calculator.AtomicMultiplier.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Atomic Multiplier
fe.protection.place.Calculator.BasicGreenhouse.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Basic Greenhouse
fe.protection.place.Calculator.BroccoliPlant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Plant
fe.protection.place.Calculator.CO2Generator.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carbon Dioxide Generator
fe.protection.place.Calculator.CalculatorLocator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Calculator Locator
fe.protection.place.Calculator.CalculatorPlug.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Calculator Plug
fe.protection.place.Calculator.CalculatorTeleporter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ClearStableGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Clear Stable Glass
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ConductorMast.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Conductor Mast
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ConductorMastBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Conductor Mast
fe.protection.place.Calculator.Crank.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crank Handle
fe.protection.place.Calculator.CrankedGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hand Cranked Generator
fe.protection.place.Calculator.DiamondFence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Fence
fe.protection.place.Calculator.DiamondLeaf.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Leaves
fe.protection.place.Calculator.DiamondLog.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Wood
fe.protection.place.Calculator.DiamondPlanks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Planks
fe.protection.place.Calculator.DiamondSapling.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Sapling
fe.protection.place.Calculator.DiamondStairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Stairs
fe.protection.place.Calculator.DockingStation.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Docking Station
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ElectricBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Electric Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.Calculator.EndBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE End Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.Calculator.EnrichedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enriched Gold Block
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ExtractionChamber.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Extraction Chamber
fe.protection.place.Calculator.FiddledewPlant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fiddledew Plant
fe.protection.place.Calculator.FlawlessBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flawless Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.Calculator.FlawlessFireBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fire Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.Calculator.FlawlessGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flawless Glass
fe.protection.place.Calculator.FlawlessGreenhouse.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flawless Greenhouse
fe.protection.place.Calculator.FluxController.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Controller
fe.protection.place.Calculator.FluxPlug.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flux Plug
fe.protection.place.Calculator.FluxPoint.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flux Point
fe.protection.place.Calculator.HealthProcessor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Health Processor
fe.protection.place.Calculator.HungerProcessor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hunger Processor
fe.protection.place.Calculator.LanternBasic.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lantern
fe.protection.place.Calculator.LanternOff.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gas Lantern
fe.protection.place.Calculator.LanternOn.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gas Lantern
fe.protection.place.Calculator.MagneticFlux.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Flux
fe.protection.place.Calculator.PCubeIdle.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Power Cube
fe.protection.place.Calculator.PearFence.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pear Fence
fe.protection.place.Calculator.PearLeaf.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pear Leaves
fe.protection.place.Calculator.PearLog.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pear Wood
fe.protection.place.Calculator.PearPlanks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pear Planks
fe.protection.place.Calculator.PearSapling.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.Calculator.PearStairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pear Stairs
fe.protection.place.Calculator.PrecisionChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Precision Chamber
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ProcessingChamber.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Processing Chamber
fe.protection.place.Calculator.PrunaePlant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Prunae Plant
fe.protection.place.Calculator.RainSensor.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReassemblyChamber.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Reassembly Chamber
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Iron Block
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickFence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtFence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Fence
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtStairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Stairs
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Furnace
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickFence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneFence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Fence
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ResearchChamber.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Research Chamber
fe.protection.place.Calculator.RestorationChamber.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Restoration Chamber
fe.protection.place.Calculator.Scarecrow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.place.Calculator.ScarecrowBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.place.Calculator.StableGlass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stable Glass
fe.protection.place.Calculator.StoneAssimilator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Assimilator
fe.protection.place.Calculator.StoneSeperatorIdle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Separator
fe.protection.place.Calculator.StorageChamber.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Storage Chamber
fe.protection.place.Calculator.TanzaniteBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Block
fe.protection.place.Calculator.TanzaniteFence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Fence
fe.protection.place.Calculator.TanzaniteLeaf.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Leaves
fe.protection.place.Calculator.TanzaniteLog.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Wood
fe.protection.place.Calculator.TanzanitePlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Planks
fe.protection.place.Calculator.TanzaniteSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Sapling
fe.protection.place.Calculator.TanzaniteStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Stairs
fe.protection.place.Calculator.Transmitter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Transmitter
fe.protection.place.Calculator.TransmitterBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Transmitter
fe.protection.place.Calculator.WeakenedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Weakened Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.Calculator.WeatherController.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Weather Controller
fe.protection.place.Calculator.WeatherStation.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Weather Station
fe.protection.place.Calculator.WeatherStationBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Weather Station
fe.protection.place.Calculator.atomiccalculatorBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Atomic Calculator
fe.protection.place.Calculator.calculatorScreen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.calculatorScreen.name
fe.protection.place.Calculator.dynamiccalculatorBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dynamic Calculator
fe.protection.place.Calculator.glowstoneextractor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Extractor
fe.protection.place.Calculator.purifiedobsidianBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purified Obsidian
fe.protection.place.Calculator.redstoneextractor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Extractor
fe.protection.place.Calculator.reinforceddirtBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt
fe.protection.place.Calculator.reinforceddirtBrick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Bricks
fe.protection.place.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.place.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.Calculator.stablestoneBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stable Stone
fe.protection.place.Calculator.stablestonerimmedBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stablestonerimmedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Calculator.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Calculator.starchextractor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Starch Extractor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.place.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.place.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Disenchanter
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Chest
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Ore
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energy Infuser
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Energy Pylon
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Generator
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mob Grinder
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Particle Generator
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Player Detector
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Potentiometer
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sun Dial
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Weather Controller
fe.protection.place.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Distortion Flame
fe.protection.place.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_battery.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ElectriBattery.name
fe.protection.place.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_cable.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.RFCable.name
fe.protection.place.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eubattery.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ElectriEUBattery.name
fe.protection.place.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eucable.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.EUCable.name
fe.protection.place.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eusplit.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.EUSplitter.name
fe.protection.place.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_machine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Converter.name
fe.protection.place.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ElectriOre.name
fe.protection.place.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_rfbattery.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ElectriRFBattery.name
fe.protection.place.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_wire.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Wire.name
fe.protection.place.Eln.Eln.Ore.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreEln.name
fe.protection.place.Eln.Eln.SixNode.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Eln.Eln.TransparentNode.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Eln.Eln.ghostBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.Eln.Eln.lightBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.Eln.eln.ElnProbe.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eln Computer Probe
fe.protection.place.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherHVUBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE 800V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.place.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherLVUBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE 50V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.place.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherMVUBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE 200V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.place.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.place.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_camo.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Camo.name
fe.protection.place.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_fullblock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Fullblock.name
fe.protection.place.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_thintile.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Thintile.name
fe.protection.place.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_wire.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.LapisWire.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chandelier
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ender Collector
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.place.Forestry.alveary.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.beehives.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.candle.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.core.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.engine.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.factory2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fences.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.place.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.place.Forestry.leaves.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.logs.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mail.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planks.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.pods.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.resources.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabs.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.soil.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairs.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.place.Forestry.stump.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Accumulation Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cinder
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Death Flower
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Decomposition Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Powder Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ender Goo
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Head
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endium Block
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Endium Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cluster
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Extraction Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Experience Table
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Persegrit
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sphalerite
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Log
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stardust Ore
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transport Beacon
fe.protection.place.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockCable.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockCable.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockWall.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockWall.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.place.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.place.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.iguana.tcon.skull.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.InventoryPets.cloudblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Block
fe.protection.place.InventoryPets.cloudspawn.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Spawner
fe.protection.place.InventoryPets.sandblock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sand Block
fe.protection.place.InventoryPets.sandspawn.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sand Spawner
fe.protection.place.InventoryPets.stoneblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Block
fe.protection.place.InventoryPets.stonespawn.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Spawner
fe.protection.place.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.JABBA.barrel.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.print.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Robot.name
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.cube.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.detector.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.frame.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.ore.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Residual Heat
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.signal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.slab.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.stair.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Display
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Item Collector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Notification Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.place.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_coriumflowing.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.MoltenCorium(Flowing).name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_duct.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Duct.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluorite.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.Fluorite.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluoriteore.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.FluoriteOre.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_flywheelmulti.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.flywheel.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_generatormulti.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.generator.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_heatermulti.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.heater.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_injectormulti.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.injector.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_lamp.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.reactor.lamp.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_line.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Line.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_machine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Machine.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_mats.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorMaterials.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelmachine.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineModelled.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelreactor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorModelled.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Ore.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_reactor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_solenoidmulti.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.solenoid.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_steam.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Steam.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_thorium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThoriumFuel.name
fe.protection.place.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_turbinemulti.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.turbine.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_advancedgear.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_basic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bcengine.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_beam.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.beam.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bedrockslice.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.bedrockslice.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastglass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.blastglass.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastpane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.blastpane.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bridge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.bridge.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_canola.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.canola.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_deco.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.deco.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_decotank.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.decotank.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodelinv.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_engine.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_flywheel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gearbox.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gpr.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_inv.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_light.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.light.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_miningpipe.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.miningpipe.name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_piping.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_shaft.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_solar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_trans.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.energyrouter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE [WIP] Energy Router (RF) - Sender
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.fluidrouterin.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE [WIP] Liquid Router - Extractor
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.fluidrouterout.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE [WIP] Liquid Router - Sender
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.powerConverter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE RF to EU Converter (8196 EU output, 36,000 RF buffer)
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.router.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Item Router
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.router_lampblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flood Light
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.router_lightbeam.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.rr_lightbeam.name
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.routerbarrel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.routerbarrel.name
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.routercable.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.routerchest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE A Special Chest
fe.protection.place.RouterReborn.routerold.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Item Router
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.place.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.place.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dynamo
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.place.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shadow Ore
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Warped Leaves
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.place.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.place.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alchemite
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Seroconverter
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bone
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dust
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inspiratron
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Node Monitor
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soulforge
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Metal Spike
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tooth
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.place.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.place.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.place.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.place.Translocator.translocator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockAngmallen.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Angmallen Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockAtlarus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Atlarus Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockCadmium.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cadmium Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockCarmot.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Carmot Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockCelenegil.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Celenegil Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockCeruclase.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ceruclase Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockDarkSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE DarkSteel Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockElnTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockEximite.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Eximite Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockHaderoth.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Haderoth Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockHepatizon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hepatizon Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockInfuscolium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Infuscolium Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockInolashite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Inolashite Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockLithium.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lithium Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockOrichalcum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Orichalcum Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockOureclase.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oureclase Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockPrometheum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Prometheum Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockRutile.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rutile Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockSanguinite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sanguinite Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockTartarite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tartarite Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockVulcanite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Vulcanite Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.blockVyroxeres.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Vyroxeres Block
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAdamant.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Adamant Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAdamantine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Adamantine Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAdamantium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Adamantium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAmericium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Americium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAngmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Angmallen Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAntimony.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Antimony Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAnyCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE AnyCopper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAnyIron.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE AnyIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ardite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushArsenic.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arsenic Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAstralSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE AstralSilver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushAtlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Atlarus Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushBeryllium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Beryllium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushBismuth.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bismuth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushCadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cadmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushCaesium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Caesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushCarmot.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Carmot Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushCelenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Celenegil Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushCerium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cerium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushCeruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ceruclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushChrome.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chrome Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushDarkIron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE DarkIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushDarkSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE DarkSteel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushDeepIron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE DeepIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushDesh.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Desh Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushDysprosium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dysprosium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushElectrum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Electrum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushErbium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Erbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushEuropium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Europium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushEximite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Eximite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushForce.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Force Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushGadolinium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gadolinium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushGallium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gallium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushHaderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Haderoth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushHeeEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushHepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hepatizon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushHolmium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Holmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushIndium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Indium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushInfuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Infuscolium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushInfusedGold.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE InfusedGold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushInolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Inolashite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iridium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushLanthanum.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lanthanum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushLead.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lead Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushLithium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lithium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushLutetium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lutetium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushMagnesium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Magnesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushManganese.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Manganese Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushMeteoricIron.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MeteoricIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushMidasium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Midasium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mithril Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushMolybdenum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molybdenum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushNaquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushNaquadahEnriched.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE NaquadahEnriched Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushNaquadria.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Naquadria Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushNeodymium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Neodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushNeutronium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Nickel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushNiobium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Niobium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushOrichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orichalcum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushOsmium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Osmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushOureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oureclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushPalladium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Palladium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushPigIron.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE PigIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Plutonium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushPlutonium241.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plutonium241 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushPraseodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Praseodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushPrometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Prometheum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushPromethium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Promethium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushRubidium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rubidium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushRutile.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rutile Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushSamarium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Samarium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushSanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sanguinite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushScandium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Scandium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Shadow Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushShadowIron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE ShadowIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushSilicon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Silicon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushSilver.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushTantalum.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tantalum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushTartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tartarite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushTellurium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tellurium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushTerbium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Terbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushThorium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thorium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushThulium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thulium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushTitanium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Titanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushTritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushUranium235.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Uranium235 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushVanadium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vanadium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushVulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Vulcanite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushVyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Vyroxeres Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushYtterbium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ytterbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushYttrium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Yttrium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.aobd.orebushZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                               # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.armourLibrary.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.armourersworkshop:armourLibrary.name
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.armourerBrain.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Armourer
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.awBoundingBox4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.armourersworkshop:armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox4.name
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourMixer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Colour Mixer
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourable.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Equipment Cube
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass Equipment Cube
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlassGlowing.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Glass Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlowing.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.doll.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Doll
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.dyeTable.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dye Table
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.globalSkinLibrary.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Global Skin Library - (WIP)
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.mannequin.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mannequin
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.miniArmourer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mini Armourer - (WIP)
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Skinnable Block
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnableGlowing.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.armourersworkshop:skinnableGlowing.name
fe.protection.place.armourersWorkshop.block.skinningTable.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Skinning Table
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Backpack
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.auraDestructor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE MRU Aura Spoiler
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.auraStabiliser.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE MRU Aura Stabiliser
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.chunkLoader.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE MRU Chunk Loader
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.crystalDestructor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE MRU Crystal Destructor
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.dimTranciever.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MRU Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.fluxWiper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flux Wiper
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.generator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE MRU Generator
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.glassChaos.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Fortified Glass
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.glassFrozen.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frost Fortified Glass
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.infusedStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE MRU Infused Stone
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.mruSpreader.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE MRU Redistributor
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.mrucuAbsorber.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MRUCU Absorber
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.mrucuStabilizer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE MRUCU Balancer
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.nodeIrradiator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aura Node Irradiator
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.radiatedNode.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Radiated Aura Node
fe.protection.place.essenthaum.wandCharger.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE MRU Wand Charger
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.Drops.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.drops.name
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.advBreaker.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Magical Breaker
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.air.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.assembler.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magical Assembler
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.blockBreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magical Breaker
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.blockPale.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pale Block
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.cacti.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cacti
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.chaos.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Corruption
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.chargingChamber.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Charging Chamber
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.chest.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magical Chest
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.coldDistillator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cold Distillator
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.coldStone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cold Stone
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.compressed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Drops
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.concrete.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.corruptionCleaner.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Corruption Cleaner
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.crystalController.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Controller
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.crystalExtractor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Extractor
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.crystalFormer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Former
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.darknessObelisk.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Darkness O8elisk
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.demonicPentacle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Demonic Pentacle
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.demonicPlating.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Demonic Plating
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.dreadDirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dread Dirt
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.ecAcceptor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber MRU Acceptor
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.ecBalancer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.ecController.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber Controller
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.ecEjector.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber MRU Ejector
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.ecHoldingChamber.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber Holding Block
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.ecRedstoneController.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber Redstone Controller
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.ecStateChecker.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber State Checker
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.elementalCrystal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Elemental Crystal
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.emberForge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ember Forge
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.enderGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ender Generator
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.device.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.device.name
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fFence.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fortified Stone Fence
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                               # (default: true) PLACE [TC]Fancy Amber Tile
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                # (default: true) PLACE [TC]Fancy Obsidian Tile
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.coldStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Cold Stone Tile
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.concrete.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Concrete Tile
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.demonicPlating.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Demonic Plating
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.fortifiedStone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Fortified Stone Tile
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.magicPlating.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Magic Plating Tile
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mithrilinePlating.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mru.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fancy MRU Tile
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.palePlating.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Pale Plating Tile
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.voidStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Void Stone Tile
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.name
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fortifiedGlass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magical Fortified Glass
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fortifiedStone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magical Fortified Stone
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.frozen.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Corruption
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.fruit.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.fruit.name
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.furnaceMagic.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magmatic Furnace
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.heatGenerator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Heat Generator
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.holopad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Holopad
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.invertedPlating.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.levitator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MRU Levitator
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magic.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magic Corruption
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicFence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicPlating.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magic Plating Block
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicalDisplay.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE [NYI]Magical Display
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicalEnchanter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magical Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicalFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magical Furnace
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicalHopper.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magical Hopper
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicalJukebox.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magical Jukebox
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicalMirror.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magical Mirror
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicalQuarry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magical Quarry
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicalRepairer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magical Repairer
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicalTeleporter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magical Teleporter
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magicianTable.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magician Table
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.magmaticSmeltery.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magmatic Smeltery
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.matrixAbsorber.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Destructor
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.metadataManager.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Metadata Manager
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mimCrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Crafting Module
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mimEjector.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Export Node
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mimEjectorP.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Export Node
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mimInjector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Import Node
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mimInjectorP.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Import Node
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mimInvStorage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Storage Module
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mimScreen.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Screen Module
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.name
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mithrilineFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mitriline Furnace
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.monsterClinger.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Monster Holding Device
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.monsterHarvester.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Monster Duplicator
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.moonWell.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Moon Well
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mruCoil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE MRU Coil
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.mruCoilHardener.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE MRU Coil Base
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.naturalFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Natural Furnace
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.newMim.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Core
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.oreDrops.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Elemental Infused Ore
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.platingPale.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pale Plating
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.playerPentacle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Soul Pentacle
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.portal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Portal To Hoanna
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.potionSpreader.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Potion Spreader
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.radiatingChamber.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Radiating Chamber
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.rayTower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ray Tower
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.reactor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE MRU Tesla Reactor Core
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.reactorSupport.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE MRU Tesla Reactor Support
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.redstoneTransmitter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.rightClicker.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magical Activator
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.root.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Root
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.shade.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE The SHADE
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.solarPrism.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Solar Prism
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.spreader.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE MRU Spreader
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.sunRayAbsorber.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sun Ray Absorber
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.tallGrass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.tallGrass.name
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.torch.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.torch.name
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.ultraFlowerBurner.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ultra Natural Furnace
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.ultraHeatGen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ultra Heat Generator
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.voidFence.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Fence
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.voidGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Glass
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.voidStone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Stone
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.weaponMaker.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Bench
fe.protection.place.essentialcraft.windRune.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wind Rune
fe.protection.place.extracells.certustank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.place.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.place.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.extracells.walrus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.place.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.place.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.place.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.place.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Item Robin
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE ME Transformer
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.mo.android_spawner.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rogue Android Spawner
fe.protection.place.mo.android_station.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Android Station
fe.protection.place.mo.bounding_box.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.mo.charging_station.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Charging Station
fe.protection.place.mo.contract_market.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Contract Market
fe.protection.place.mo.decomposer.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Matter Decomposer
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.beams.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Grate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.carbon_fiber_plate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Carbon Fiber Plate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.clean.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Smooth Plate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.coils.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Coils
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.engine_exhaust_plasma.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Engine Exhaust Plasma
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.floor_noise.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Linoleum Floor
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.floor_tile_white.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Floor Tiles
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.floor_tiles.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Floor Tiles
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.floor_tiles_green.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Green Floor Tiles
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.holo_matrix.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Holographic Matrix
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.matter_tube.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matter Tube
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.separator.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Rail
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.stripes.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stripes
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.tritanium_lamp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Lamp
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_colored.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Colored Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_stripe.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Plate Guided
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.vent.bright.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vent
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.vent.dark.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Vent
fe.protection.place.mo.decorative.white_plate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soft Wall Plates
fe.protection.place.mo.dilithium_ore.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dilithium Ore
fe.protection.place.mo.force_glass.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Glass
fe.protection.place.mo.fusion_reactor_coil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Coil
fe.protection.place.mo.fusion_reactor_controller.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Controller
fe.protection.place.mo.fusion_reactor_io.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor IO
fe.protection.place.mo.gravitational_anomaly.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gravitational Anomaly
fe.protection.place.mo.gravitational_stabilizer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gravitational Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.mo.heavy_matter_pipe.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Duty Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.place.mo.holo_sign.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Holographic Sign
fe.protection.place.mo.inscriber.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Inscriber
fe.protection.place.mo.machine_hull.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Machine Hull
fe.protection.place.mo.matter_analyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Matter Analyzer
fe.protection.place.mo.matter_pipe.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.place.mo.matter_plasma.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Matter Plasma
fe.protection.place.mo.matter_recycler.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Matter Recycler
fe.protection.place.mo.microwave.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Microwave
fe.protection.place.mo.molten_tritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tritanium
fe.protection.place.mo.network_pipe.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Matter Network Cable
fe.protection.place.mo.network_router.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Matter Network Router
fe.protection.place.mo.network_switch.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Matter Network Switch
fe.protection.place.mo.pattern_monitor.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Monitor
fe.protection.place.mo.pattern_storage.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Storage
fe.protection.place.mo.replicator.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Matter Replicator
fe.protection.place.mo.solar_panel.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.mo.star_map.*                                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Star Map
fe.protection.place.mo.transporter.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Transporter
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_block.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Block
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.black.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.blue.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.brown.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.cyan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.gray.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.green.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.name
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.lime.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.magenta.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.orange.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tritanium_crate.orange.name
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.pink.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.purple.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.red.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.silver.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.white.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_crate.yellow.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tritanium_crate.yellow.name
fe.protection.place.mo.tritanium_ore.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.place.mo.weapon_station.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Station
fe.protection.place.pga.plantgrowthaccelerator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plant Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Activity Probe
fe.protection.place.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Biome Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Protector
fe.protection.place.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Counter
fe.protection.place.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.place.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.place.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.place.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.place.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.place.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dialing Device
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Builder
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Editor
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.place.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.place.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.place.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Extractor
fe.protection.place.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Environmental Controller
fe.protection.place.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Item Filter
fe.protection.place.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.machineBase.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Machine Base
fe.protection.place.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Machine Frame
fe.protection.place.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Machine Infuser
fe.protection.place.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Material Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matter Beamer
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Matter Booster
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matter Receiver
fe.protection.place.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.place.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Modular Storage
fe.protection.place.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pearl Injector
fe.protection.place.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Proxy Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.place.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.place.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Power Relay
fe.protection.place.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Remote Storage
fe.protection.place.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE RF Monitor
fe.protection.place.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.place.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Screen Controller
fe.protection.place.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.place.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Security Manager
fe.protection.place.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sequencer
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.place.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shield Template
fe.protection.place.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Simple Dialer
fe.protection.place.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.place.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spawner
fe.protection.place.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Storage Scanner
fe.protection.place.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Support Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Time Absorber
fe.protection.place.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Timer
fe.protection.place.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Block
fe.protection.place.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Core
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Primal Shroom
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aurelia
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Thaumaturge's Brazier
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Briar
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Thaumaturge's Campfire
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fluxium
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Node Linking Device
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Node Manipulator
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Overchanting Table
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Plax Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pyrofluid
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quicksilver
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redlon Stem
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.spike.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sweed Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thauminite
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void metal Block
fe.protection.place.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void Crop
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*            # (default: true) PLACE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*               # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*             # (default: true) PLACE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.place.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.place.witchery.altar.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.artichoke.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.place.witchery.barrier.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.place.witchery.beartrap.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.belladonna.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.place.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.place.witchery.bramble.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brazier.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.place.witchery.brew.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewgas.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.cactus.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.witchery.candelabra.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.place.witchery.cauldron.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.witchery.chalice.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.place.witchery.circle.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.place.witchery.clever.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.place.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.place.witchery.crystalball.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.place.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.place.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.place.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.place.witchery.demonheart.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.place.witchery.disease.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.place.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.place.witchery.embermoss.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.force.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.place.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.place.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.place.witchery.glintweed.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.place.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.place.witchery.grassper.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.place.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoor.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.place.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.place.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.iceslab.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestairs.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.icestockade.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.place.witchery.kettle.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.place.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.place.witchery.leechchest.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.light.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.lilypad.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.mandrake.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mindrake.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.place.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.place.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.witchery.placeditem.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.plantmine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.place.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.place.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.silvervat.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.place.witchery.slurp.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowbell.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowslab.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.place.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.place.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.place.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.place.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.place.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.place.witchery.stockade.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.place.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.place.witchery.trent.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.place.witchery.vine.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.place.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.place.witchery.wallgen.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.web.*                                                                # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.place.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchlog.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.place.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.place.witchery.wormwood.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
fe.protection.trample.*                                                                           # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrybloodRune.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodRune.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEffect.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEffect.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellEnhancement.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellEnhancement.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellModifier.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellModifier.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.AlchemicalWizardrytile.blockSpellParadigm.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockSpellParadigm.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.Altar.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blood Altar
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.armourForge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soul Armour Forge
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockAlchemicCalcinator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Calcinator
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockConduit.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spell Conduit
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrucible.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Incense Crucible
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockCrystalBelljar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Belljar
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockDemonChest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Demon's Chest
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockEnchantmentGlyph.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantmentGlyph.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockHomHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spell Table
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockMimic.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mimic Block
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockPedestal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockPlinth.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Plinth
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockReagentConduit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Relay
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockSchemSaver.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Schematic Saver
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockStabilityGlyph.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stabilityGlyph.name
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockTeleposer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.blockWritingTable.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Alchemic Chemistry Set
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodLight.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodSocket.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Filled Socket
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.bloodStoneBrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.demonPortalMain.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Demon Portal
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.efficiencyRune.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Efficiency Rune
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.emptySocket.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Empty Socket
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.imperfectRitualStone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Imperfect Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.largeBloodStoneBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Large Bloodstone Brick
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.lifeEssence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.masterStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Master Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.ritualStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Stone
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.runeOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Sacrifice
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.runeOfSelfSacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rune of Self-Sacrifice
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.spectralBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Block
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.spectralContainer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spectral Container
fe.protection.trample.AWWayofTime.speedRune.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Speed Rune
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.anchorPoint.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Anchor Point
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.balloon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Air Balloon
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.buffer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Shore Buffer
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.crate_wood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crate
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.engine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Steam Engine
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.floater.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Floater
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.gauge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Measurement Gauges
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.marker.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ship's Helm
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.seat.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Passenger Seat
fe.protection.trample.ArchimedesShipsPlus.stickyBuffer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Buffer
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockAmnesiac.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amnesiac's Stone
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockBoiler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Boiler
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockBookshelfEnchanted.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBookshelfEnchanted.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockCreativeJar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCreativeJar.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockDimensionLure.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Lure
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockEagerChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eager Chest
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockEntitySignal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Signum Entia
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Locus
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockEssentiaLocusAggregator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Aggregator
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockFinicalMaw.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Finical Maw
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockFluidMilk.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockFluidMushroom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockFluidVishroom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockGolemInhibitor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golemic Inhibitor
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockGolemTaskmaster.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Golemic Taskmaster
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockGolemWorkbench.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golem's Workbench
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockGreedyChest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Greedy Chest
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockHourglass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hourglass
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockHourglassMagic.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magic Hourglass
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockHungryMaw.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Maw
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockInventarium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inventarium Core
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockMetalGlow.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalGlow.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockMirrorAlt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMirrorAlt.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockMirrorMultiDest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMirrorMultiDest.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockMobLure.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Siren's Lure
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockNetherRune.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockNetherRune.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockNetherRuneMob.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockNetherRuneMob.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockNethermind.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nethermind
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockPhenomenon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Phenomenon
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalAmp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Amplified Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDense.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dense Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalDim.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dim Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalMerc.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mercurial Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRedcrystalRes.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Resonating Redcrystal
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRemoteComparator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Remote Comparator
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockReqTome.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Requisition Tome
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockRunedObsidian.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Runed Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockScribePointer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Scrivener's Oculus
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTally.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTallyLensDrops.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box (Lens: Yield)
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTallyLensWorld.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tally Box (Lens: Unbound)
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTenaciousChest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tenacious Chest
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockThaumostaticPylon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockThaumostaticPylon.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockThaumostaticSpire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thaumostatic Spire
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockThirstyTank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thirsty Tank
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTorchInversion.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTorchInversion_off.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inversion Torch
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockTranslucent.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTranslucent.name
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockUnseenScribe.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unseen Scribe
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockVisReader.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Reader
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockXPJar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jar of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.trample.Automagy.blockXPStone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Soul Stone
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.alphamultiblock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE MiniBlock(Alpha)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.andon.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andon
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bamboo.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bamboo2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooLiangThick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangThick.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooLiangThin.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangThin.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thick.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVLog2Thin.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVLogThick.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooLiangVLogThin.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVLogThin.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVWoodThick.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooLiangVWoodThin.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooLiangVWoodThin.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooMillStone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE MillStone
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooMoss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE MossBlock
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooMultiPot.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE MiniFlowerpot
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bambooPanel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooPanel.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bamboohuton.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bamboohuton.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bamboomultiblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE MiniBlock
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.bamboosingle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.bamboosingle.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.beanPlant.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE BeanPlant
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.blobkbroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blobkbroom.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.blockbambooshoot.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bambooshoot
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.campfire.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.crossLamp.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.crossLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.deco.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.deco.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.decoCarpet.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.decoCarpet.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.decoCurvePlaster.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.decoCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.decoDCurvePlaster.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.decoDCurvePlaster.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.decoPlaster.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.decoPlaster.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.delude_height.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Camoslab(Vertical)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.delude_plate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Camoplate
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.delude_stair.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Camostairs
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.delude_width.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Camoslab
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.dirSquare.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirSquare.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.halfDeco.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDeco.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.halfDirSquare.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDirSquare.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.halfTwoDirDeco.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfTwoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.jpChest.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE JpChest
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.kawara_stair.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kawara_stair
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.kayabukiRoof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE KayabukiStair
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.kitunebi.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Kitunebi
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.maneki.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Maneki
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.ricePlant.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE RicePlant
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.sakuraLeaves.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE SakuraLeaves
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.sakuraLog.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE SakuraLog
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.sakuraSapling.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE SakuraSapling
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.sakuracarpet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE SakuraCarpet
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.seaweed.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE SeaWeed
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.singleTexDeco.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.singleTexDeco.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.spaUnit.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE SpaUnit
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.spaWater.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE SpaWater
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.thickBirchPillar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE BirchPillar(thick)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.thickOrcPillar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE OrcPillar(thick)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.thickSakuraPillar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE SakuraPillar(thick)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.thickSprucePillar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE SprucePillar(thick)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.thinBirchPillar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE BirchPillar(thin)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.thinOrcPillar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE OrcPillar(thin)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.thinSakuraPillar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE SakuraPillar(thin)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.thinSprucePillar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE SprucePillar(thin)
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.tomatoPlant.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE TomatoPlant
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.twoDirDeco.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twoDirDeco.name
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.villagerBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE VillagerBlock
fe.protection.trample.BambooMod.wara_stair.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Straw_stair
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.trample.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.architectBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Architect Table
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.builderBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.constructionMarkerBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Construction Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.fillerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Filler
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.frameBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.libraryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electronic Library
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Builders.machineBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quarry
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.buildToolBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.buildToolBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.engineBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.eternalSpring.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.eternalSpring.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.markerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Land Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Core.pathMarkerBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Path Mark
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockFuel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fuel
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockOil.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oil
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Energy.blockRedPlasma.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRedPlasma.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.autoWorkbenchBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Auto Workbench
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.blockHopper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chute
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.floodGateBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flood Gate
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.miningWellBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mining Well
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.plainPipeBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mining Pipe
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.pumpBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pump
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.refineryBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Factory.tankBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.requester.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Requester
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Robotics.zonePlan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Zone Planner
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Laser
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.laserTableBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserTableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Silicon.packagerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Recipe Packager
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.filteredBufferBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Buffer
fe.protection.trample.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AdvancedGreenhouse.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Greenhouse
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AdvancedPCubeIdle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Power Cube
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AlgorithmAssimilator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Algorithm Assimilator
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AlgorithmSeperatorIdle.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Algorithm Separator
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AmethystBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Block
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AmethystFence.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Fence
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AmethystLeaf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AmethystLog.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Wood
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AmethystPlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Planks
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AmethystSapling.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AmethystStairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Amethyst Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AnalysingChamber.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Analysing Chamber
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.AtomicMultiplier.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Atomic Multiplier
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.BasicGreenhouse.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Basic Greenhouse
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.BroccoliPlant.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli Plant
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.CO2Generator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carbon Dioxide Generator
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.CalculatorLocator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Calculator Locator
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.CalculatorPlug.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Calculator Plug
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.CalculatorTeleporter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ClearStableGlass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Clear Stable Glass
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ConductorMast.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Conductor Mast
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ConductorMastBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Conductor Mast
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.Crank.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crank Handle
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.CrankedGenerator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hand Cranked Generator
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.DiamondFence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Fence
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.DiamondLeaf.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.DiamondLog.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Wood
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.DiamondPlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Planks
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.DiamondSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.DiamondStairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.DockingStation.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Docking Station
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ElectricBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Electric Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.EndBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.EnrichedBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enriched Gold Block
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ExtractionChamber.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Extraction Chamber
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.FiddledewPlant.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fiddledew Plant
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.FlawlessBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flawless Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.FlawlessFireBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fire Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.FlawlessGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flawless Glass
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.FlawlessGreenhouse.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flawless Greenhouse
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.FluxController.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flux Controller
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.FluxPlug.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flux Plug
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.FluxPoint.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flux Point
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.HealthProcessor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Health Processor
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.HungerProcessor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hunger Processor
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.LanternBasic.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lantern
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.LanternOff.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gas Lantern
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.LanternOn.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gas Lantern
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.MagneticFlux.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Flux
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.PCubeIdle.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Power Cube
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.PearFence.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pear Fence
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.PearLeaf.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pear Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.PearLog.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pear Wood
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.PearPlanks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pear Planks
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.PearSapling.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.PearStairs.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pear Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.PrecisionChamber.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Precision Chamber
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ProcessingChamber.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Processing Chamber
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.PrunaePlant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Prunae Plant
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.RainSensor.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReassemblyChamber.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Reassembly Chamber
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Iron Block
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickFence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtBrickStairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtFence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Fence
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedDirtStairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedFurnace.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickFence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneBrickStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneFence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Fence
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ReinforcedStoneStairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ResearchChamber.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Research Chamber
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.RestorationChamber.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Restoration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.Scarecrow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.ScarecrowBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.StableGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stable Glass
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.StoneAssimilator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Assimilator
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.StoneSeperatorIdle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Separator
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.StorageChamber.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Storage Chamber
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.TanzaniteBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Block
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.TanzaniteFence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Fence
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.TanzaniteLeaf.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Leaves
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.TanzaniteLog.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Wood
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.TanzanitePlanks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Planks
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.TanzaniteSapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.TanzaniteStairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tanzanite Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.Transmitter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Transmitter
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.TransmitterBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Transmitter
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.WeakenedBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Weakened Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.WeatherController.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Weather Controller
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.WeatherStation.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Weather Station
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.WeatherStationBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Weather Station
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.atomiccalculatorBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Atomic Calculator
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.calculatorScreen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.calculatorScreen.name
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.dynamiccalculatorBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dynamic Calculator
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.glowstoneextractor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Extractor
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.purifiedobsidianBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Purified Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.redstoneextractor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Extractor
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.reinforceddirtBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.reinforceddirtBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Dirt Bricks
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.reinforcedstoneBrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.stablestoneBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stable Stone
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.stablestonerimmedBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stablestonerimmedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stablestonerimmedblackBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Calculator.starchextractor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Starch Extractor
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.trample.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.trample.ChickenChunks.chickenChunkLoader.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenChunkLoader.name
fe.protection.trample.DefenseTech.explosives.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.defense:explosives.name
fe.protection.trample.DefenseTech.machine.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.defense:machine.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.cKeyStone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Creative Key Stone
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.chaosCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Crystal
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.chaosShardAtmos.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:chaosShardAtmos.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.customSpawner.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stabilized Mob Spawner
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.dislocatorReceptacle.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.dissEnchanter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Disenchanter
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconicBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Awakened Draconium Block
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:draconium.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconiumChest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Chest
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.draconiumOre.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Ore
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:energyCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyInfuser.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Energy Infuser
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyPylon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Energy Pylon
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.energyStorageCore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.flowGate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:flowGate.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.generator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Generator
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.grinder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mob Grinder
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.infusedObsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Infused Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.invisibleMultiblock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Core
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.longRangeDislocator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:longRangeDislocator.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.particleGenerator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Particle Generator
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.placedItem.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:placedItem.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.playerDetector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Player Detector
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.playerDetectorAdvanced.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Player Detector
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.portal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.potentiometer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Potentiometer
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.rainSensor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rain Sensor
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.reactorCore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Draconic Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.reactorEnergyInjector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Energy Injector
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.reactorStabilizer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Stabilizer
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.safetyFlame.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.draconicevolution:safetyFlame.name
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.sunDial.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sun Dial
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.teleporterStand.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dislocator Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.upgradeModifier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Upgrade Modifier
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.weatherController.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Weather Controller
fe.protection.trample.DraconicEvolution.xRayBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Distortion Flame
fe.protection.trample.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_battery.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ElectriBattery.name
fe.protection.trample.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_cable.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.RFCable.name
fe.protection.trample.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eubattery.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ElectriEUBattery.name
fe.protection.trample.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eucable.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.EUCable.name
fe.protection.trample.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_eusplit.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.EUSplitter.name
fe.protection.trample.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_machine.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Converter.name
fe.protection.trample.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ElectriOre.name
fe.protection.trample.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_rfbattery.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ElectriRFBattery.name
fe.protection.trample.ElectriCraft.electricraft_block_wire.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.Wire.name
fe.protection.trample.Eln.Eln.Ore.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreEln.name
fe.protection.trample.Eln.Eln.SixNode.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Eln.Eln.TransparentNode.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.NodeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Eln.Eln.ghostBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.Eln.Eln.lightBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.Eln.eln.ElnProbe.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Eln Computer Probe
fe.protection.trample.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherHVUBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE 800V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.trample.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherLVUBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE 50V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.trample.Eln.eln.EnergyConverterElnToOtherMVUBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE 200V Electrical Age to other energy exporter
fe.protection.trample.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.trample.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_camo.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Camo.name
fe.protection.trample.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_fullblock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Fullblock.name
fe.protection.trample.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_thintile.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Thintile.name
fe.protection.trample.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_block_wire.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.LapisWire.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chandelier
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ender Collector
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.trample.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.alveary.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.alveary.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.apiculture.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apiculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.apicultureChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.apicultureChest.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.arboriculture.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.arboriculture.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.beehives.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.candle.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.core.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.core.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.engine.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.engine.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.factory2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.factory2.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fences.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fencesFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fencesFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.ffarm.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.bioethanol.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.honey.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.mead.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mead
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.seedoil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.leaves.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.lepidopterology.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.lepidopterology.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.logs.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.logsFireproof.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mail.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mail.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.mushroom.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planks.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.planksFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planksFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.pods.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resourceStorage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resourceStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.resources.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.saplingGE.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.saplingGE.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabs.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsDouble.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDouble.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsDoubleFireproof.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsDoubleFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.slabsFireproof.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.soil.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stairs.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stairsFireproof.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairsFireproof.name
fe.protection.trample.Forestry.stump.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stump.name
fe.protection.trample.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.accumulation_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Accumulation Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_core.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeIslandCore.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.block_special_effects.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.cinder.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cinder
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_high.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.corrupted_energy_low.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.crossed_decoration.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.crossedDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.custom_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Death Flower
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.death_flower_pot.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.decomposition_table.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Decomposition Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dungeon_puzzle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dungeonPuzzle.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE End Powder Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_stone_terrain.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.endStoneTerrain.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ender_goo.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ender Goo
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Head
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Endium Block
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endium Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_cluster.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cluster
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_extraction_table.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Extraction Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_tnt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence_altar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.essenceAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.experience_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Experience Table
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Igneous Rock Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb_ore.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Instability Orb Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_floor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Floor
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_glass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Glass
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_obsidian.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laboratory_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Stairs
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.laser_beam.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserBeam.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_end.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Falling Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_special_glow.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.obsidianSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Stairs
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.persegrit.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Persegrit
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_glow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glowing Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_smooth.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Ravaged Brick
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ravaged_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ravaged Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.sphalerite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sphalerite
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Leaves
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spooky_log.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spooky Log
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stardust Ore
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_end_portal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.templeEndPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transport_beacon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Transport Beacon
fe.protection.trample.HardcoreEnderExpansion.void_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockAlloy.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloy.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockAlloyGlass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockAlloyGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockBarrel.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockBarrel.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockBasalt.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockBasalt.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockCable.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockCable.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockChargepad.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockChargepad.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockCrop.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockCrop.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockDoorAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockDoorAlloy.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockDynamite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamite.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockDynamiteRemote.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockDynamiteRemote.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockElectric.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockElectric.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockFenceIron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockFenceIron.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockFoam.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockFoam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockGenerator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockHarz.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockHarz.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockHeatGenerator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE blockHeatGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockITNT.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockITNT.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockIronScaffold.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE blockIronScaffold.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockKineticGenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockKineticGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockLuminator.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminator.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockLuminatorDark.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE blockLuminatorDark.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine2.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMachine3.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockMachine3.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMetal.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE blockMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMiningPipe.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningPipe.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockMiningTip.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockMiningTip.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockNuke.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockNuke.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE blockOreCopper.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreLead.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockOreLead.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreTin.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockOreTin.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockOreUran.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockOreUran.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockPersonal.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockPersonal.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorAccessHatch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorAccessHatch.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorChamber.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorChamber.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorFluidPort.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorFluidPort.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReactorRedstonePort.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE blockReactorRedstonePort.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockReinforcedFoam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE blockReinforcedFoam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubLeaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRubLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubSapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE blockRubSapling.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubWood.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE blockRubWood.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockRubber.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE blockRubber.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockScaffold.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE blockScaffold.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockWall.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE blockWall.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.blockreactorvessel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE blockreactorvessel.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidBiogas.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiogas.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidBiomass.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluidBiomass.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidConstructionFoam.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluidConstructionFoam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidCoolant.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluidCoolant.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidDistilledWater.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluidDistilledWater.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidHotCoolant.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotCoolant.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidHotWater.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidHotWater.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidPahoehoeLava.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluidPahoehoeLava.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidSteam.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluidSteam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidSuperheatedSteam.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluidSuperheatedSteam.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2.fluidUuMatter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluidUuMatter.name
fe.protection.trample.IC2NuclearControl.blockNuclearControlMain.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.iguana.tcon.skull.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.InventoryPets.cloudblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Block
fe.protection.trample.InventoryPets.cloudspawn.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Spawner
fe.protection.trample.InventoryPets.sandblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sand Block
fe.protection.trample.InventoryPets.sandspawn.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sand Spawner
fe.protection.trample.InventoryPets.stoneblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone Block
fe.protection.trample.InventoryPets.stonespawn.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone Spawner
fe.protection.trample.IronChest.BlockIronChest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.JABBA.barrel.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.trample.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.trample.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.trample.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.charger.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.print.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.printer.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Robot.name
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.switch.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.trample.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.cube.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.detector.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.frame.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.ore.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.residual.heat.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Residual Heat
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.signal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.slab.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.stair.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.trample.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.advancedFluidDisplay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fluid Display
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.advancedItemCollector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Collector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.bloodMoonSensor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bloodmoon Sensor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.creativePlayerInterface.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Creative Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.dyeingMachine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dyeing Machine
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.enderEnergyDistributor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ender Energy Distributor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.energyDistributor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Energy Distributor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fertilizedDirt_tilled.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fertilized Dirt
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.fluidDisplay.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Display
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.imbuingStation.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Imbuing Station
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.itemCollector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Item Collector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.lapisLamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lamp
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.moonSensor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Moon Phase Sensor
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.notificationInterface.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Notification Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.onlineDetector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Online Detector
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.playerinterface.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.spectreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Block
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.spectreGlass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spectre Glass
fe.protection.trample.RandomThings.wirelessLever.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Lever
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_coriumflowing.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.MoltenCorium(Flowing).name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_duct.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.Duct.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluorite.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.Fluorite.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_fluoriteore.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.FluoriteOre.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_flywheelmulti.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.flywheel.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_generatormulti.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.generator.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_heatermulti.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.heater.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_injectormulti.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.injector.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_lamp.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.reactor.lamp.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_line.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.Line.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_machine.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Machine.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_mats.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorMaterials.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelmachine.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineModelled.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_modelreactor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorModelled.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Ore.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_reactor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_solenoidmulti.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.solenoid.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_steam.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Steam.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_thorium.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThoriumFuel.name
fe.protection.trample.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_block_turbinemulti.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.multiblock.turbine.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_advancedgear.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_basic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bcengine.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_beam.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.beam.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bedrockslice.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.bedrockslice.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastglass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.blastglass.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_blastpane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.blastpane.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_bridge.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.bridge.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_canola.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.canola.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_deco.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.deco.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_decotank.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.decotank.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dir.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodel2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_dirmodelinv.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_engine.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_flywheel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gearbox.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_gpr.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_inv.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_light.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.light.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_miningpipe.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.block.miningpipe.name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_model2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_modelinv2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_piping.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_shaft.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_solar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_block_trans.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile..name
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.energyrouter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE [WIP] Energy Router (RF) - Sender
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.fluidrouterin.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE [WIP] Liquid Router - Extractor
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.fluidrouterout.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE [WIP] Liquid Router - Sender
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.powerConverter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE RF to EU Converter (8196 EU output, 36,000 RF buffer)
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.router.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Item Router
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.router_lampblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flood Light
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.router_lightbeam.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.rr_lightbeam.name
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.routerbarrel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.routerbarrel.name
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.routercable.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.routerchest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE A Special Chest
fe.protection.trample.RouterReborn.routerold.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Router
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.trample.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.compDrawers.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.controller.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.controllerSlave.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.framingTable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawer
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers1.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.fullDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fullDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfCustom2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 1x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfCustom4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Framed Drawers 2x2
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers2.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.halfDrawers4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.halfDrawers4.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.trim.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.StorageDrawers.trimCustom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Armor.DryingRack.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Drying Rack
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.BattleSignBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Battlesign.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CastingChannel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftedSoil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.TConstruct.Soil.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingSlab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.CraftingSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.CraftingStation.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.FurnaceSlab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slab Furnace
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassBlock.StainedClear.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.GlassBlock.StainedClear.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlassPaneClearStained.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.glasspanestained.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GlueBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glue Block
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.GravelOre.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.gravelore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.HeldItemBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Frying Pan
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTank.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.LavaTankNether.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.LavaTank.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MeatBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hambone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.MetalBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metalblock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Redstone.Landmine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Landmine
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBlockNether.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.stoneore.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SearedSlab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SearedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.Smeltery.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SmelteryNether.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Smeltery.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.SpeedSlab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SpeedSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolForgeBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ToolStationBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ToolStation.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.WoolSlab2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.blood.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.Brick.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickfancy.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickFancy.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.multibrickmetal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Decoration.BrickMetal.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stoneladder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.decoration.stonetorch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.explosive.slime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE SDX
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.ender.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Ender
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.alumite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.ardite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.bronze.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.copper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.electrum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.enderium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Enderium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.invar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Invar
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.iron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lead.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.lumium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lumium
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.mithril.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mana Infused Metal
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.nickel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pig Iron
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.shiny.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Shiny
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.signalum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Signalum
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.silver.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.steel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.fluid.molten.tin.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Tin
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.blood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.glue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glue
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.liquid.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Slime
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.emerald.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquified Emerald
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.molten.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.one.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.one.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.ore.berries.two.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ore.berries.two.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.rail.wood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slime Channel
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.gel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.gel.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.grass.tall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.grass.tall.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.pad.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bounce Pad
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.slime.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slime.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.birch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.jungle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.barricade.spruce.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Barricade
fe.protection.trample.TConstruct.trap.punji.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Punji Stick
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.Dynamo.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.MeshFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.meshFilter.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.RedstoneMachine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.redstoneMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.SignalBus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalbus.name
fe.protection.trample.TMechworks.SignalTerminal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tmechworks.signalterminal.name
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowOre.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Shadow Ore
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockShadowmetal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Shadowmetal
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLeaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warped Leaves
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodLog.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodPlanks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.TaintedMagic.BlockWarpwoodSapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Warpwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAiry.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockAiry.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockAlchemyFurnace.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneDoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Door
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockArcaneFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCandle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCandle.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockChestHungry.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticDoubleSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticOpaque.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabStone.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSlabWood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSlabWood.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCosmeticSolid.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCosmeticSolid.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCrystal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomOre.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomOre.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockCustomPlant.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCustomPlant.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockEldritch.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEldritchNothing.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockPortalNothing.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockEssentiaReservoir.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Reservoir
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidDeath.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluidPure.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGas.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Gas  
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockFluxGoo.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockHole.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockJar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockJar.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLifter.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootCrate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Crate
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockLootUrn.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Old Urn
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicBox.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicBox.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLeaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMagicalLog.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMagicalLog.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockManaPod.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockManaPod.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMetalDevice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMetalDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockMirror.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockPortalEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Portal
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsArcaneStone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsEldritch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStairsSilverwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockStoneDevice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockStoneDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTable.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTable.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaint.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaint.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTaintFibres.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTaintFibres.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockTube.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTube.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWarded.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWarded.name
fe.protection.trample.Thaumcraft.blockWoodenDevice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockWoodenDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.alchemite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alchemite
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.bloodInfuser.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Seroconverter
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.boneTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bone
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.brainTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Brain
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.chocolate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chocolate
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.cloudGlowingTH.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.cloudTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_cloud.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.crystalDeep.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Deep Crystal
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.crystalTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_crystal.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.dustTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dust
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.essentiaDynamo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.evanescent.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_evanescent.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.eyeTH.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eye Cluster
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.fleshTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lump of Flesh
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.gatewayTH.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Planar Gateway
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.inspiratron.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inspiratron
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.leviathanTH.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Fossil
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.light.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.lightSolar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Orb
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.modMatrix.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Modified Runic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.nodeMonitor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Node Monitor
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.portalTH.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.recombinator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Teleological Recombinator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.slotTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Keystone Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulBeacon.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Soul Beacon
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulJar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jarred %CRITTER
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulSieve.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sieve
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.soulforge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soulforge
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeTH.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Metal Spike
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeToothTH.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tooth
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.spikeWoodTH.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.synthNode.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Shard
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.transductionAmplifier.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transduction Amplifier
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vat.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vatInterior.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vatInterior.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vatSolid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Curative Vat
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.visDynamo.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vis Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.voidTH.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Planar Boundary
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vortexStabilizer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Attenuator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicHorizons.vortexTH.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ThaumicHorizons_vortex.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.Levitational_Locomotive_Relay.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Levitational Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.animationTablet.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.bedrockPortal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartz.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzSlabFull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzStairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smokey Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.dislocator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireAir.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aer Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireChaos.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Perditio Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terra Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireFire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ignis Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireOrder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ordo Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.fireWater.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aqua Imbued Fire
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.forcefield.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.funnel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLight.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousLight.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.gaseousShadow.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedFarmland.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedFarmland.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrainBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.infusedGrainBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.interface.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.nitorGas.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.nitorGas.name
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.platform.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Platform
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.repairer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.spawner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tablet of Necromancy
fe.protection.trample.ThaumicTinkerer.warpGate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Gateway
fe.protection.trample.TiConAutoToolStation.ats_autotoolstation.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Auto Tool Station
fe.protection.trample.Translocator.craftingGrid.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.trample.Translocator.translocator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.translocator.name
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Encoder.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Grower.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Inscriber.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.Wireless.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockAngmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Angmallen Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockAtlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Atlarus Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockCadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cadmium Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockCarmot.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Carmot Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockCelenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Celenegil Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockCeruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ceruclase Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockDarkSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE DarkSteel Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockEximite.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Eximite Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockHaderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Haderoth Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockHepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hepatizon Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockInfuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Infuscolium Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockInolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Inolashite Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockLithium.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lithium Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockOrichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orichalcum Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockOureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oureclase Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockPrometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Prometheum Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockRutile.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rutile Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockSanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sanguinite Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockTartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tartarite Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockVulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Vulcanite Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.blockVyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Vyroxeres Block
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAdamant.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Adamant Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAdamantine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Adamantine Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAdamantium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Adamantium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAmericium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Americium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAngmallen.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Angmallen Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAntimony.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Antimony Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAnyCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE AnyCopper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAnyIron.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE AnyIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ardite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushArsenic.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arsenic Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAstralSilver.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE AstralSilver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushAtlarus.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Atlarus Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushBeryllium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Beryllium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushBismuth.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bismuth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushCadmium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cadmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushCaesium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Caesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushCarmot.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carmot Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushCelenegil.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Celenegil Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushCerium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cerium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushCeruclase.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ceruclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushChrome.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chrome Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushDarkIron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE DarkIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushDarkSteel.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE DarkSteel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushDeepIron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE DeepIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushDesh.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Desh Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Draconium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushDysprosium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dysprosium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushElectrum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Electrum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushElnTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushErbium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Erbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushEuropium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Europium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushEximite.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Eximite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushForce.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Force Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushGadolinium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gadolinium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushGallium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gallium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushHaderoth.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Haderoth Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushHeeEndium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Endium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushHepatizon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hepatizon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushHolmium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Holmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushIndium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Indium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushInfuscolium.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Infuscolium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushInfusedGold.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE InfusedGold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushInolashite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Inolashite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushIridium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iridium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushLanthanum.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lanthanum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushLead.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lead Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushLithium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lithium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushLutetium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lutetium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushMagnesium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magnesium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushManganese.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Manganese Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushMeteoricIron.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE MeteoricIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushMidasium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Midasium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mithril Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushMolybdenum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molybdenum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushNaquadah.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushNaquadahEnriched.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE NaquadahEnriched Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushNaquadria.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Naquadria Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushNeodymium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Neodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushNeutronium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nickel Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushNiobium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Niobium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushOrichalcum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orichalcum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushOsmium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Osmium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushOureclase.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oureclase Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushPalladium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Palladium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushPigIron.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE PigIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushPlutonium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plutonium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushPlutonium241.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plutonium241 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushPraseodymium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Praseodymium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushPrometheum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Prometheum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushPromethium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Promethium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushRubidium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rubidium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushRutile.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rutile Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushSamarium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Samarium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushSanguinite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sanguinite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushScandium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Scandium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Shadow Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushShadowIron.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE ShadowIron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushSilicon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Silicon Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushSilver.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silver Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushTantalum.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tantalum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushTartarite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tartarite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushTellurium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tellurium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushTerbium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Terbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushThorium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Thorium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushThulium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Thulium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushTitanium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Titanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushTritanium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tungsten Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushUranium235.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Uranium235 Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushVanadium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vanadium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushVulcanite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vulcanite Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushVyroxeres.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vyroxeres Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushYtterbium.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ytterbium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushYttrium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yttrium Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.aobd.orebushZinc.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCableBus.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCellWorkbench.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCharger.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockChest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCondenser.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockController.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingMonitor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingStorage.*                             # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCraftingUnit.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCrank.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockDrive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockEnergyCell.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockFluix.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockGrinder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockIOPort.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInscriber.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockInterface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockLightDetector.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMatrixFrame.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockMolecularAssembler.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockPaint.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.BlockPaint.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber.*                          # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuantumRing.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzChiseled.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGlass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzLamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzPillar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockQuartzTorch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSecurity.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyChest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyCompass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSkyStone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialIOPort.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockSpatialPylon.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockTinyTNT.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockVibrationChamber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.BlockWireless.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixSlabBlock.double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.FluixSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.FluixStairBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.OreQuartzCharged.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.QuartzSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.QuartzStairBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tile.SkyStoneStairBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.arcane_engineering.destabilizer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Node Destabilizer
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.armourLibrary.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.armourersworkshop:armourLibrary.name
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.armourerBrain.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Armourer
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.awBoundingBox4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.armourersworkshop:armourersworkshop:awBoundingBox4.name
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.colourMixer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Colour Mixer
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.colourable.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Equipment Cube
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glass Equipment Cube
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlassGlowing.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.colourableGlowing.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Equipment Cube (Glowing)
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.doll.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Doll
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.dyeTable.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dye Table
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.globalSkinLibrary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Global Skin Library - (WIP)
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.mannequin.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mannequin
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.miniArmourer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mini Armourer - (WIP)
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Skinnable Block
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.skinnableGlowing.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.armourersworkshop:skinnableGlowing.name
fe.protection.trample.armourersWorkshop.block.skinningTable.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Skinning Table
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Backpack
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.backpack_block164.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.backpack_block164.name
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.quantum_chest164.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest (Imported from 1.6.4)
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.auraDestructor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE MRU Aura Spoiler
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.auraStabiliser.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE MRU Aura Stabiliser
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.chunkLoader.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MRU Chunk Loader
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.crystalDestructor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE MRU Crystal Destructor
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.dimTranciever.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE MRU Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.fluxWiper.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flux Wiper
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.generator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE MRU Generator
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.glassChaos.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Fortified Glass
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.glassFrozen.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frost Fortified Glass
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.infusedStone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE MRU Infused Stone
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.mruSpreader.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MRU Redistributor
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.mrucuAbsorber.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE MRUCU Absorber
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.mrucuStabilizer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE MRUCU Balancer
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.nodeIrradiator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aura Node Irradiator
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.radiatedNode.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Radiated Aura Node
fe.protection.trample.essenthaum.wandCharger.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MRU Wand Charger
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.Drops.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.drops.name
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.advBreaker.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Magical Breaker
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.air.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.assembler.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magical Assembler
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.blockBreaker.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magical Breaker
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.blockPale.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pale Block
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.cacti.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cacti
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.chaos.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chaos Corruption
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.chargingChamber.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Charging Chamber
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.chest.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magical Chest
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.coldDistillator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cold Distillator
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.coldStone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cold Stone
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.compressed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Drops
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.concrete.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.corruptionCleaner.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Corruption Cleaner
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.crystalController.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Controller
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.crystalExtractor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Extractor
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.crystalFormer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Former
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.darknessObelisk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Darkness O8elisk
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.demonicPentacle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Demonic Pentacle
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.demonicPlating.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Demonic Plating
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.dreadDirt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dread Dirt
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.ecAcceptor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber MRU Acceptor
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.ecBalancer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber Stabilizer
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.ecController.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber Controller
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.ecEjector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber MRU Ejector
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.ecHoldingChamber.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber Holding Block
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.ecRedstoneController.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber Redstone Controller
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.ecStateChecker.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Enrichment Chamber State Checker
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.elementalCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Elemental Crystal
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.emberForge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ember Forge
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.enderGenerator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ender Generator
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.device.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.device.name
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fFence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fortified Stone Fence
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticOpaque.*                             # (default: true) PLACE [TC]Fancy Amber Tile
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.blockCosmeticSolid.*                              # (default: true) PLACE [TC]Fancy Obsidian Tile
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.coldStone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Cold Stone Tile
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.concrete.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Concrete Tile
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.demonicPlating.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Demonic Plating
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.fortifiedStone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Fortified Stone Tile
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.magicPlating.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Magic Plating Tile
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mithrilinePlating.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.mru.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fancy MRU Tile
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.palePlating.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Pale Plating Tile
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fancyBlock.voidStone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Void Stone Tile
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.flowerGreen.name
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fortifiedGlass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magical Fortified Glass
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fortifiedStone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magical Fortified Stone
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.frozen.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Corruption
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.fruit.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.fruit.name
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.furnaceMagic.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magmatic Furnace
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.heatGenerator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Heat Generator
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.holopad.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Holopad
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.invertedPlating.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mithriline Plating
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.levitator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE MRU Levitator
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magic.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magic Corruption
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicFence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicPlating.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magic Plating Block
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicalDisplay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE [NYI]Magical Display
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicalEnchanter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Magical Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicalFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magical Furnace
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicalHopper.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magical Hopper
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicalJukebox.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magical Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicalMirror.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magical Mirror
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicalQuarry.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magical Quarry
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicalRepairer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magical Repairer
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicalTeleporter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magical Teleporter
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magicianTable.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magician Table
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.magmaticSmeltery.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Magmatic Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.matrixAbsorber.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Destructor
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.metadataManager.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Metadata Manager
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mimCrafter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Crafting Module
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mimEjector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Export Node
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mimEjectorP.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Export Node
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mimInjector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Import Node
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mimInjectorP.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Persistant Import Node
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mimInvStorage.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Storage Module
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mimScreen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Screen Module
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.mithrilineCrystal.name
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mithrilineFurnace.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mitriline Furnace
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.monsterClinger.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Monster Holding Device
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.monsterHarvester.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Monster Duplicator
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.moonWell.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Moon Well
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mruCoil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MRU Coil
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.mruCoilHardener.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE MRU Coil Base
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.naturalFurnace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Natural Furnace
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.newMim.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magical Inventory Manager Core
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.oreDrops.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Elemental Infused Ore
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.platingPale.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pale Plating
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.playerPentacle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Soul Pentacle
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.portal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Portal To Hoanna
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.potionSpreader.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Potion Spreader
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.radiatingChamber.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Radiating Chamber
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.rayTower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ray Tower
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.reactor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE MRU Tesla Reactor Core
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.reactorSupport.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE MRU Tesla Reactor Support
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.redstoneTransmitter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.rightClicker.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magical Activator
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.root.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Root
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.shade.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE The SHADE
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.solarPrism.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Solar Prism
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.spreader.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE MRU Spreader
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.sunRayAbsorber.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sun Ray Absorber
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.tallGrass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.tallGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.torch.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.essentialcraft.torch.name
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.ultraFlowerBurner.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ultra Natural Furnace
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.ultraHeatGen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ultra Heat Generator
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.voidFence.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Void Fence
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.voidGlass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Void Glass
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.voidStone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Void Stone
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.weaponMaker.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Bench
fe.protection.trample.essentialcraft.windRune.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wind Rune
fe.protection.trample.extracells.certustank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.trample.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive [WIP]
fe.protection.trample.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.extracells.walrus.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Extractor.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Imprinter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.IndustrialApiary.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Liquifier.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutagenProducer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Mutatron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.MutatronAdv.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Replicator.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Sampler.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.Transposer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.LiquidDNA.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Mutagen.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.fluid.Protein.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings2.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings3.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings4.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockcasings5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockcasings5.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockconcretes.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockconcretes.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockgem1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem1.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockgem2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem2.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockgem3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgem3.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockgranites.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockgranites.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmachines.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmachines.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal1.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal2.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal3.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal4.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal5.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal6.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal7.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockmetal8.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockmetal8.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockores.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockores.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockreinforced.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockreinforced.name
fe.protection.trample.gregtech.gt.blockstones.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE gt.blockstones.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.aeDecoration.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:aeDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Item Robin
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meDenseTransformer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Transformer
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meDenseWireConnector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Dense Wire Connector
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meTransformer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Transformer
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.meWireConnector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Wire Connector
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.trample.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.trample.mo.android_spawner.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rogue Android Spawner
fe.protection.trample.mo.android_station.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Android Station
fe.protection.trample.mo.bounding_box.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.trample.mo.charging_station.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charging Station
fe.protection.trample.mo.contract_market.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Contract Market
fe.protection.trample.mo.decomposer.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Matter Decomposer
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.beams.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Grate
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.carbon_fiber_plate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Carbon Fiber Plate
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.clean.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Smooth Plate
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.coils.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coils
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.engine_exhaust_plasma.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Engine Exhaust Plasma
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.floor_noise.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Linoleum Floor
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.floor_tile_white.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Floor Tiles
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.floor_tiles.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Floor Tiles
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.floor_tiles_green.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Floor Tiles
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.holo_matrix.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Holographic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.matter_tube.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matter Tube
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.separator.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Rail
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.stripes.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stripes
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.tritanium_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Lamp
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_colored.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Colored Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.tritanium_plate_stripe.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Plate Guided
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.vent.bright.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vent
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.vent.dark.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Vent
fe.protection.trample.mo.decorative.white_plate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soft Wall Plates
fe.protection.trample.mo.dilithium_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dilithium Ore
fe.protection.trample.mo.force_glass.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Glass
fe.protection.trample.mo.fusion_reactor_coil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Coil
fe.protection.trample.mo.fusion_reactor_controller.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor Controller
fe.protection.trample.mo.fusion_reactor_io.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fusion Reactor IO
fe.protection.trample.mo.gravitational_anomaly.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gravitational Anomaly
fe.protection.trample.mo.gravitational_stabilizer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gravitational Stabilizer
fe.protection.trample.mo.heavy_matter_pipe.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Heavy Duty Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.trample.mo.holo_sign.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Holographic Sign
fe.protection.trample.mo.inscriber.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.mo.machine_hull.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Machine Hull
fe.protection.trample.mo.matter_analyzer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Matter Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.mo.matter_pipe.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Matter Transport Pipe
fe.protection.trample.mo.matter_plasma.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Matter Plasma
fe.protection.trample.mo.matter_recycler.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Matter Recycler
fe.protection.trample.mo.microwave.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Microwave
fe.protection.trample.mo.molten_tritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tritanium
fe.protection.trample.mo.network_pipe.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Matter Network Cable
fe.protection.trample.mo.network_router.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Matter Network Router
fe.protection.trample.mo.network_switch.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Matter Network Switch
fe.protection.trample.mo.pattern_monitor.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Monitor
fe.protection.trample.mo.pattern_storage.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Storage
fe.protection.trample.mo.replicator.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Matter Replicator
fe.protection.trample.mo.solar_panel.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.mo.star_map.*                                                               # (default: true) PLACE Star Map
fe.protection.trample.mo.transporter.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Transporter
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_block.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Block
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.black.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.blue.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.brown.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.cyan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.gray.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.green.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tritanium_crate.lightBlue.name
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.lime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.magenta.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.orange.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tritanium_crate.orange.name
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.pink.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.purple.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.red.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.silver.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.white.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Tritanium Crate
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_crate.yellow.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tritanium_crate.yellow.name
fe.protection.trample.mo.tritanium_ore.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.trample.mo.weapon_station.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Station
fe.protection.trample.pga.plantgrowthaccelerator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Plant Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.rftools.activityProbeBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Activity Probe
fe.protection.trample.rftools.biomeAbsorberBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Biome Absorber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.blockProtectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block Protector
fe.protection.trample.rftools.builderBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.counterBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Counter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.crafterBlock1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 1
fe.protection.trample.rftools.crafterBlock2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 2
fe.protection.trample.rftools.crafterBlock3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafter Tier 3
fe.protection.trample.rftools.creativeDimensionBuilderBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Creative Dimension Builder
fe.protection.trample.rftools.destinationAnalyzerBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Destination Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dialingDeviceBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dialing Device
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionBuilderBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Builder
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionEditorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Editor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionEnscriberBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Enscriber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionMonitorBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalBlankBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Blank Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalCross2Block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross 2 Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalCrossBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Cross Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalPattern1Block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 1 Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalPattern2Block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Pattern 2 Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalShardBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Shard Ore
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimensionalSmallBlocks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Small Blocks
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimletFilterBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Filter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimletResearcherBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Researcher
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimletScramblerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Scrambler
fe.protection.trample.rftools.dimletWorkbenchBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dimlet Workbench
fe.protection.trample.rftools.enderMonitorBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender Monitor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.endergenicBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Endergenic Generator
fe.protection.trample.rftools.energyExtractorBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Energy Extractor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.environmentalControllerBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Environmental Controller
fe.protection.trample.rftools.invisibleShieldBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.itemFilterBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Item Filter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.liquidAbsorberBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Absorber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.liquidMonitorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Monitor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.machineBase.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Machine Base
fe.protection.trample.rftools.machineFrame.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Machine Frame
fe.protection.trample.rftools.machineInfuserBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Machine Infuser
fe.protection.trample.rftools.materialAbsorberBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Material Absorber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.matterBeamerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Matter Beamer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.matterBoosterBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Matter Booster
fe.protection.trample.rftools.matterReceiverBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Matter Receiver
fe.protection.trample.rftools.matterTransmitterBlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Matter Transmitter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.modularStorageBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Modular Storage
fe.protection.trample.rftools.noTickInvisibleShieldBlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Invisible Shield Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.noTickolidShieldBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.pearlInjectorBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pearl Injector
fe.protection.trample.rftools.proxyBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Proxy Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.redstoneReceiverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.trample.rftools.redstoneTransmitterBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Transmitter
fe.protection.trample.rftools.relayBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Power Relay
fe.protection.trample.rftools.remoteStorageBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Remote Storage
fe.protection.trample.rftools.rfMonitorBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE RF Monitor
fe.protection.trample.rftools.screenBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.trample.rftools.screenControllerBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Screen Controller
fe.protection.trample.rftools.screenHitBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.trample.rftools.securityManagerBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Security Manager
fe.protection.trample.rftools.sequencerBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sequencer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 1
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldBlock2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 2
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldBlock3.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 3
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldBlock4.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Shield Projector Tier 4
fe.protection.trample.rftools.shieldTemplateBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Shield Template
fe.protection.trample.rftools.simpleDialerBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Simple Dialer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.solidShieldBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Solid Shield Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.spaceChamberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Corner Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.spaceChamberControllerBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Space Chamber Controller Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.spaceProjectorBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Space Projector Block (WIP)
fe.protection.trample.rftools.spawnerBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spawner
fe.protection.trample.rftools.storageScannerBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Storage Scanner
fe.protection.trample.rftools.supportBlock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Support Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.timeAbsorberBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Time Absorber
fe.protection.trample.rftools.timerBlock.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Timer
fe.protection.trample.rftools.volcanicBlock.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Block
fe.protection.trample.rftools.volcanicCoreBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Core
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.advAlchFurnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.ashroom.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Primal Shroom
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.aurelia.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Aurelia
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.aureliaPetal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aurelia Petal
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.blockSalisMundus.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Salis Mundus Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.brazier.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Thaumaturge's Brazier
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.briar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Briar
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.campfire.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Thaumaturge's Campfire
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.cryingObsidian.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Crying Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.crystalBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.crystalSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.crystalSlab_full.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.crystalslab..name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.eldritchArk.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gold Etched Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.enderPlanks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ender Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.entityDeconstructor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Entity Deconstructor
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.flaxium.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluxium
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.genLeaves.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.genLogs.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.genericSlab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.genericSlab_full.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tb.slab..name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.glieonia.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glieonia Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.goldenOakSapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Unnamed Block, report to mod author.
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.ironGreatwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Framed Greatwood
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.knose.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rosa Mysteria
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.lazullia.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lazullia Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.lucrite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lucrite Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.metalleat.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Metalleat Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.nodeLinker.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Node Linking Device
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.nodeManipulator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Node Manipulator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldBrick.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Bricks
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldCobble.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldCobbleMossy.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Diamond Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldGold.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Gold Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldGravel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Gravel
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldIron.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Iron Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.oldLapis.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.overchanter.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Overchanting Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.plax.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Plax Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.pyrofluid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pyrofluid
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.quicksilverBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quicksilver
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.quicksilverBrick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Brick
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.rainbowCactus.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rainbow Cacti
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.redlonStem.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redlon Stem
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.relocator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Relocator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.spike.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.spike.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.sweed.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sweed Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.thaumicAnvil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicAnvil.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.thauminiteBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Thauminite
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.tobacco.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tobacco Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.voidAnvil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.voidAnvil.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.voidBlock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void metal Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumicbases.voidPlant.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Crop
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.arcane.assembler.*              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Assembler
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.distillation.encoder.*          # (default: true) PLACE Distillation Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.cell.workbench.*       # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.provider.*             # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Provider
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.essentia.vibration.chamber.*    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.gear.box.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Gear Box
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.golem.gear.box.*                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Gear Box
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.infusion.provider.*             # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Provider
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.thaumicenergistics.block.knowledge.inscriber.*           # (default: true) PLACE Knowledge Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alderwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alder Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.alluringskull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Alluring Skull
fe.protection.trample.witchery.altar.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.artichoke.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Water Artichoke
fe.protection.trample.witchery.barrier.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.beartrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Beartrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.belladonna.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Belladonna
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodcrucible.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Crucible
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodedwool.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood-stained Wool
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bloodrose.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blood Poppy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.bramble.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:bramble.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brazier.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brazier
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brew.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brew.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewgas.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewgas.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.brewliquid.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:brewliquid.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cactus.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.witchery.candelabra.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cauldron.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cbuttonwood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.witchery.chalice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chalice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circle.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Heart Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphinfernal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphotherwhere.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Otherwhere Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.circleglyphritual.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ritual Glyph
fe.protection.trample.witchery.clever.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.witchery.coffinblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coffin
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crittersnare.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Critter Snare
fe.protection.trample.witchery.crystalball.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Ball
fe.protection.trample.witchery.csnowpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cstonepressureplate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodendoor.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.cwoodpressureplate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.daylightcollector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sun Collector
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decursedirected.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Broken Curses
fe.protection.trample.witchery.decurseteleport.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Occluded Summons
fe.protection.trample.witchery.demonheart.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Demon Heart
fe.protection.trample.witchery.disease.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Disease
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryburning.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.distilleryidle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Distillery
fe.protection.trample.witchery.dreamcatcher.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dream Weaver
fe.protection.trample.witchery.embermoss.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ember Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.filteredfumefunnel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.force.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Solid
fe.protection.trample.witchery.fumefunnel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fume Funnel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicgarland.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Garlic Garland
fe.protection.trample.witchery.garlicplant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Garlic
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glintweed.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glint Weed
fe.protection.trample.witchery.glowglobe.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glow Globe
fe.protection.trample.witchery.grassper.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grassper
fe.protection.trample.witchery.hollowtears.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoor.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icedoubleslab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ice Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Fence
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icefencegate.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Gate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icepressureplate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.iceslab.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestairs.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.icestockade.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:icestockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.infinityegg.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Egg
fe.protection.trample.witchery.kettle.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Kettle
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leapinglily.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Leaping Lily
fe.protection.trample.witchery.leechchest.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Leech Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.light.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:light.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.lilypad.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.lilypad.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mandrake.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mandrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mindrake.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Minedrake
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorblock2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mirror
fe.protection.trample.witchery.mirrorwall.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mirror Surface
fe.protection.trample.witchery.perpetualice.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Perpetual Ice
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitdirt.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.witchery.pitgrass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.witchery.placeditem.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:placeditem.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.plantmine.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:plantmine.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.poppetshelf.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Poppet Shelf
fe.protection.trample.witchery.refillingchest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.witchery.rowanwooddoor.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Wood Door
fe.protection.trample.witchery.scarecrow.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Scarecrow
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.shadedglass_active.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:shadedglass_active.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.silvervat.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vat
fe.protection.trample.witchery.slurp.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:slurp.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowbell.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snowbell
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowdoubleslab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Snow Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowpressureplate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowslab.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Snow Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.snowstairs.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.somniancotton.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cotton
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spanishmoss.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spinningwheel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spinning Wheel
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritflowing.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flowing Spirit
fe.protection.trample.witchery.spiritportal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spirit Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodalder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alder Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodhawthorn.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hawthorn Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stairswoodrowan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rowan Stairs
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statuegoddess.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue of The Goddess
fe.protection.trample.witchery.statueofworship.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Statue of Hobgoblin Patron
fe.protection.trample.witchery.stockade.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:stockade.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentportal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Torment Portal
fe.protection.trample.witchery.tormentstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Torment Stone
fe.protection.trample.witchery.trent.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trent Effigy
fe.protection.trample.witchery.vine.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.trample.witchery.voidbramble.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void Bramble
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wallgen.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wallgen.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.web.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE Web
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wickerbundle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:wickerbundle.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenburning.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchesovenidle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Witches Oven
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchleaves.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchleaves.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchlog.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchlog.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsapling.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchsapling.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchsladder.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Witch's Ladder
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwood.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.witchery:witchwood.name
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwooddoubleslab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood Double Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.witchwoodslab.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfaltar.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Altar
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfhead.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Head
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolfsbane.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wolfsbane
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wolftrap.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wolftrap
fe.protection.trample.witchery.wormwood.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wormwood
