#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 26.02 10:03 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 24557 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Aether
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Air Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Potion Flask
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Aquasalus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Offensa
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Rod
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Ash
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Axe
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Shovel
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Life
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Orb of Testing
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crepitous
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crystallos
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Demon Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Divination Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Blaster
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Blade
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Imbued Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Incendium
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemic Router
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Key of Binding
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Crystal
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magicales
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sanctus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tenebrae
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Terrae
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Sigil
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.craft.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.autoHandMirror.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hungry Hand Mirror
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.avaricePearl.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.baubleEnderDisjunction.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Ender Disjunction
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.bucketMushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.bucketVishroom.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.creativeTool.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thinking Cap
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.crystalBrain.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crystalline Brain: Air
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.crystalEntityEye.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oculo Anima
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.crystalEye.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crystalline Eye
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.edible.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mercatus Amalgam
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.enchantedPaper.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Paper
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.focusCrafting.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Crafting
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.foodstuff.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Vishroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.glyph.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aqueous Admixture
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.golemLinker.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Linking Bell
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.golemWorkbenchUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Workbench Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.horizontal.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shattered Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Conflux Disc
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.netherHeart.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ember Heart
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.phialExtra.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Phial of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.shardSliver.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sliver of Air
fe.protection.craft.Automagy.tallyLens.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tally Box Lens: Clear
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.bambooDustCray.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT dustClay
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.bambooFood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Meshi
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.bamboobasket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT BambooBasket
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.bamboobow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT BambooBow
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.bamboodough.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dough
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.bambooflour.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flour
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.bamboopickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.bamboospear.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT BambooSpear
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.bamboosword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT BambooSword
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.boiledEgg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT BoiledEgg
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.cookingrecipe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT CookingRecipe
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.fan.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fan
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.firecracker.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Firecracker(S)
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.huton.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Huton
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.itemFireflyBottle.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT FireflyBottle
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.itembamboo.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ItemBamboo
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.itembean.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bean
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.itemsack.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT ItemSack
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.itemseaweed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.itemtomato.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.kaginawa.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kaginawa
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.kakeziku.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kakeziku
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.katana.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Katana
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.magatama.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magatama
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.obon.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obon
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.rawrice.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rawrice
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.seedrice.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Seedrice
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.seedseaweed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT SeaweedSeed
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.shavedice.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT ShavedIce(Normal)
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.slideDoor.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Husuma
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.snowball.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT SnowBall(stone)
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.straw.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Straw
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.tudura.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tudura
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.waterwheel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Waterwheel
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.windchime.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Windchime
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.windmill.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Windmill
fe.protection.craft.BambooMod.zabuton.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cushion
fe.protection.craft.Baubles.Ring.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Ring
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Chase
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lock and Key
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Screw Gun
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Reading Glasses
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Drafting Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Big Writing Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eternal Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Board
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Saw
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Sheet
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Drill
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Painting Canvas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plumb line
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Slotted Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Template
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Debugger
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT List
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Map Location
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Gear
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Board
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Robot
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Docking Station
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Package
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gate Copier
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Gate
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lens (Black)
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Plug
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Power Adapter
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.craft.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.AdvancedAssembly.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Assembly
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.AdvancedTerrainModule.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Terrain Module
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.AtomicAssembly.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Assembly
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.AtomicBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Binder
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.AtomicModule.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Module
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.BabyGrenade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Baby Grenade
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Broccoli.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.BroccoliSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Seeds
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Calculator.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Calculator
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.CalculatorAssembly.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Calculator Assembly
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.CalculatorScreen.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Calculator Screen
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.CircuitBoard.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.CircuitDamaged.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Damaged Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.CircuitDirty.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.CoalDust.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Dust
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ControlledFuel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Controlled Fuel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.CookedBroccoli.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Broccoli
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.CraftingCalculator.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Calculator
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ElectricAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Axe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ElectricDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Diamond
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ElectricHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ElectricPickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ElectricShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ElectricSword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Sword
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EndDiamond.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT End Diamond
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EndForgedAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT End Forged Axe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EndForgedHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT End Forged Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EndForgedPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT End Forged Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EndForgedShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT End Forged Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EndForgedSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT End Forged Sword
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnergyModule.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Module
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnrichedCoal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Coal
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnrichedGold.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Gold
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnrichedGoldAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Gold Axe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnrichedGoldHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Gold Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnrichedGoldIngot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnrichedGoldPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Gold Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnrichedGoldShovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Gold Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.EnrichedGoldSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Gold Sword
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FiddledewFruit.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fiddledew Fruit
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FireCoal.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Coal
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FireDiamondAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FireDiamondHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FireDiamondPickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FireDiamondShovel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FireDiamondSword.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FlawlessCalculator.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flawless Calculator
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FlawlessDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Flawless Diamond
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondAxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flawless Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondHoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flawless Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flawless Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondShovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flawless Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondSword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flawless Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.FlawlessFireDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Diamond
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Grenade.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Grenade
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.GrenadeCasing.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grenade Casing
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.HealthModule.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Health Module
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.HungerModule.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hunger Module
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.InfoCalculator.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Info Calculator
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.LargeTanzanite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Large Tanzanite
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Large_Amethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Large Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.LocatorModule.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Locator Module
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.NutritionModule.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nutrition Module
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ObsidianKey.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Key
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Pear.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pear
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.PrunaeSeeds.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Prunae Seeds
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.PurifiedCoal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Coal
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.RedstoneHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.RedstoneIngot.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.RedstonePickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.RedstoneShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.RedstoneSword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Sword
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.RedstonedAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Axe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Axe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedIronAxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedIronHoe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedIronIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedIronPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedIronShovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedIronSword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedPickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ReinforcedSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Sword
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.RottenPear.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Pear
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ScientificCalculator.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Scientific Calculator
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.ShardTanzanite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tanzanite Shard
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Shard_Amethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst Shard
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Sickle.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sickle
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.SmallStone.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Stone
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.SmallTanzanite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tanzanite
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Small_Amethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Soil.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Soil
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.StorageModule.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.TerrainModule.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Terrain Module
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.VoidUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.WeakenedDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Diamond
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondAxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondHoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondShovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondSword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.Calculator.Wrench.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.antidote.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Antidote
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.defuser.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Defuser
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.grenade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Conventional Grenade
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.laserDesignator.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Laser Designator
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.minecart.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Explosive Cart
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.missile.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Conventional Missile
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.poisonPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Poison Powder
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.radarGun.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Radar Gun
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.remoteDetonator.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Detonator
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.rocketLauncher.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.signalDisrupter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Disrupter
fe.protection.craft.DefenseTech.tracker.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tracker
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn 
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chaos Shard
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chaotic Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Comet
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Axe
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Boots
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Bow
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Helm
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Sword
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Heart
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Arrow
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Key
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Item Dislocator
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mob Soul
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Focus
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT TCLogo
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Binder
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Core
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.craft.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_battery.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Battery
fe.protection.craft.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_book.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT ElectriCraft Handbook
fe.protection.craft.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_crafting.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Dust
fe.protection.craft.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_crystal.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_eubattery.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT EU Storage Battery (RBSU)
fe.protection.craft.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_ingots.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_placer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT electri.wire
fe.protection.craft.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_rfbattery.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT RF Storage Battery
fe.protection.craft.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_wire.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Wire
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.Copper_Axe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Axe
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.Copper_Boots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Boots
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.Copper_Chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.Copper_Helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.Copper_Hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.Copper_Leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.Copper_Pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.Copper_Shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.Copper_Sword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sword
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Boots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT E-Coal Boots
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT E-Coal Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT E-Coal Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT E-Coal Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.sharedItem.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT .name
fe.protection.craft.Eln.Eln.sharedItemStackOne.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT .name
fe.protection.craft.Eln.eln.itemCreativeTab.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.eln:elncreativetab.name
fe.protection.craft.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pouch
fe.protection.craft.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_item_bluewire.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Wire
fe.protection.craft.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_item_placer.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Block Update Detector
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Angel Ring
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Healing Axe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Division Sigil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Etheric Sword
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Glove
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Lasso
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Heating Coil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kikoku
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ERR
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soul fragment
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Scanner
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Precision Shears
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Watering Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ambrosia
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apatite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apatite
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ash.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ash
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Comb
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Drone
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Princess
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Queen
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Beealyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Beeswax
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.beverage.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canIce.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canLava.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canMead.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canOil.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.canWater.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Water Can
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.carton.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Carton
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Catalogue
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.crate.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crate
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Compost
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Untreated Frame
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.fruits.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Gear
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.grafter.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grafter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Grafter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Habitat Locator
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Drop
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Pot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honeydew
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Imprinter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.infuser.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Infuser
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel Kit
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.letters.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Letter
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.mulch.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mulch
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spectacles
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.peat.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Peat
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Phosphor
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pipette.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pipette
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pollen.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.propolis.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Propolis
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Water Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Wax
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.sapling.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.scoop.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Scoop
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT ???
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soldering Iron
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.stamps.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Treealyzer
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Juice Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Water Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Cast
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Pulp
fe.protection.craft.Forestry.wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unnamed
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.adventurers_diary.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Adventurer's Diary
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.altar_nexus.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Altar Nexus
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.arcane_shard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Shard
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.auricion.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Auricion
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_compass.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Compass
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.blank_gem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Gem
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.bucket_ender_goo.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Goo Bucket
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Power
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm_pouch.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Charm Pouch
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Curse of Teleportation
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Curse Amulet
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dry_splinter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dry Splinter
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT End Powder
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Enderman Head
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ingot.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endoplasm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ectoplasm
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Wand
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand_core.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Wand Core
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Enhanced Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_ender_pearl.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Essence
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.exp_bottle_consistent.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.fire_shard.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Infernium
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ghost_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ghost Amulet (Impure)
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Igneous Rock
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.infestation_remedy.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Infestation Remedy
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Instability Orb
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.item_special_effects.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemNumber.name
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.knowledge_note.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Knowledge Note
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.living_matter.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Living Matter
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.music_disk.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_fragment.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Fragment
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_rod.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_instability.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Potion of Instability
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_purity.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potion of Purity
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.rune.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Rune of Power
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.schorching_pickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scorching Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.silverfish_blood.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Silverfish Blood
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spatial_dash_gem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spatial Dash Gem
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spawn_eggs.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Angry Enderman
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spectral_tear.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spectral Tear
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stardust
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_caller.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Temple Caller
fe.protection.craft.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transference_gem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Transference Gem
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Refined Iron)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Composite Vest
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT BatPack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT CF Backpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energypack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Chaff
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCable.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hydration Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Beans
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Credit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Containment Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Item
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Door
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDust.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT CF Sprayer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plantball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Grin Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Resin
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemHops.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hops
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lathing Tool
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Zero
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cold Coffee
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Mug
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Saber
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT CF Powder
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Ball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Chunk
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Plate
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Coil
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT OD Scanner
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT OV Scanner
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Scrap Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Shard
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Slag
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Static Boots
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Turbine
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Wart
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cutter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Hammer
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Hoe
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Drill
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT EU-Reader
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Laser
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Painter
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Wrench
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tool Box
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Treetap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Treetap
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 235
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 238
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Weed
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Weed-EX
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Memory
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.obscurator.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obscurator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IC2.windmeter.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Windmeter
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemCounterSensorKit.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Text Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Time Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thermometer
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.itemCounterSensorLocationCard.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.craft.IC2NuclearControl.itemRangeUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Range Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Saw
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enderman Head
fe.protection.craft.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.wearableBucket.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Holey Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Casing
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jerrycan
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Treated Stick
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Railgun
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Revolver
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shader
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.EasterEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Easter Egg
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.candyCane.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Candy Cane
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.christmasTreePet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Christmas Tree Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.coalNugget.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Nugget
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.diamondNugget.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.emeraldNugget.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Nugget
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.enderNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Nugget
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.feedBag.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Feed Bag
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.holidayCookie.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Holiday Cookie
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.ironNugget.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.itemGift.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gift
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.lapisNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Nugget
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.menorahPet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Menorah Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.mishumaaSabaPet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mishumaa Saba Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.mugEggNog.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mug of Egg Nog
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.obsidianNugget.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem1.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.petAchieveItem1.name
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem10.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.petAchieveItem10.name
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem20.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.petAchieveItem20.name
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem5.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.petAchieveItem5.name
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petAchieveItemAll.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.petAchieveItemAll.name
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petAchieveItemGeneral.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.petAchieveItemGeneral.name
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petAnvil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Anvil Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petApple.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petAprilFool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT April Fool Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petBanana.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petBed.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bed Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petBlackHole.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Black Hole Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petBlaze.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petBrewingStand.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petCheetah.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cheetah Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petChest.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petChicken.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petCloud.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cloud Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petCow.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cow Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petCraftingTable.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Table Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petCreeper.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petCustom.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Custom Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petDoubleChest.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Double Chest Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petDubstep.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dubstep Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petEnchantingTable.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanting Table Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petEnderChest.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Chest Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petEnderman.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enderman Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petFurnace.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petGhast.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petGrave.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grave Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petHeart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heart Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petHouse.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT House Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petIlluminati.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Illuminati Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petIronGolem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Golem Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petJuggernaut.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Juggernaut Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petJukebox.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Jukebox Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petLoot.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Loot Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petMagmaCube.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cube Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petMickerson.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mickerson
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petMoon.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Moon Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petMooshroom.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mooshroom Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petNetherPortal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Portal Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petOcelot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ocelot Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petPacMan.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pac-Man Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petPig.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petPingot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pingot Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petPufferfish.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pufferfish Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petPurpliciousCow.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purplicious Cow Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petQuantumCrystalMonster.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Crystal Monster Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petQuiver.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Quiver Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petSheep.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sheep Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petShield.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shield Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petSilverfish.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silverfish Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petSlime.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petSnowGolem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Snow Golem Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petSpider.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petSponge.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sponge Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petSquid.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Squid Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petWither.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.petWolf.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wolf Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.politicallyCorrectPet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Politically Correct Pet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.solstice_boots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Solstice Boots
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.solstice_greaves.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Solstice Leggings
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.solstice_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Solstice Helmet
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.solstice_sword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Solstice Sword
fe.protection.craft.InventoryPets.solstice_tunic.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Solstice Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.mover.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Storage upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sticker
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.craft.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Fuel
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Brine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Clump
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Configuration Card
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Configurator
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Formula
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dictionary
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Bow
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Tablet
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Iron
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flamethrower
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Free Runners
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Mask
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT §8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Network Reader
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Robit
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sawdust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Tank
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Seismic Reader
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shard
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Substrate
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Teleportation Core
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hohlraum
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Panel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Paxel
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cartographer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Backpack
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Control
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cursor
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT /dev/null
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Eraser
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT XP Bucket
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Glider Wing
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pointer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden eye
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hang Glider
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Height Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Luggage
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Brush
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pedometer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Badass Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Slimalyzer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sponge
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Squeegee
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stencil
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tasty Clay
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT EEPROM
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hover Boots
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.item.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Analyzer
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scrench
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cargo Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Batbox Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT CESU Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT MFE Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gift Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tank Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Work Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.dust.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Emblem
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cut Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Can
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Cell
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Coke
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bleached Clay
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Controller Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Rail
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rebar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Lamp
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tie
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Disk
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Routing Table
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Meter
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Label
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shears
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Capsule
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Painter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodstone
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Grower
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Sword
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Drop Filter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Letter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.filter.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Block Filter
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Ginto
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Flask of Poison
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Player Core
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magnetic Force
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sound Recorder
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Boots
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Key
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spectre Sword
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spirit Binder
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Stone
fe.protection.craft.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_book.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT ReactorCraft Handbook
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_breederfuel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Breeder Reactor Fuel (0% Converted)
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_canister.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Canister
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_cleanup.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Radiation Cleanup Tool (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_crafting.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Canister
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_depleted.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Depleted Uranium
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_fluorite.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Fluorite Crystal
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_fuel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_geiger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Geiger Counter
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_goggles.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Radiation Goggles
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazboots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Boots
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazchest.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Chest
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazhelmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazlegs.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Legs
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_ingots.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_ironfinder.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Magnetic Ore Finder
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_magnet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Permanent Magnet (1.000 mT)
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_oldpellet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Depleted TRISO Fuel
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_pellet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT TRISO Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_placer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Core
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_plutonium.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_raw.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hydrogen Fluoride
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_remote.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor CPU Remote Control
fe.protection.craft.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_waste.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Nuclear Waste
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_advgear.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Worm Gear
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedaxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Axe
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedboots.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Boots
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedchest.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedgrafter.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Grafter
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedhelm.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Helmet
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedhoe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Hoe
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedjump.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Spring Boots
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedlegs.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Leggings
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedpack.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedpick.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedreveal.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsaw.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Handsaw
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedshears.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Shears
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedshovel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Shovel
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsickle.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Scythe
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsword.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Sword
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_borecraft.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Drill
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bucket.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lubricant Bucket
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_canola.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Canola Seeds
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_compacts.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Anthracite
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_craftpattern.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Pattern
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_customextract.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Null Ore Item
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_customingot.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Null Ore Item
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_debug.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Wand
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_disk.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Music Box Record
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_engine.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT DC Electric Engine
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_enginecraft.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Impeller
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_ethanol.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Crystals
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_extracts.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Ore Dust
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_fireball.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fireball Launcher (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_flamethrower.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.flamethrower (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_flywheel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Flywheel
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_fuel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Backup Fuel Tank
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearbox.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wood 2:1 Gearbox
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearunits.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wood 2x Gear Unit
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearupgrade.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Integrated Gearbox Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_grafter.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spring-Powered Grafter (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gravelgun.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gravel Gun (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_handbook.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT RotaryCraft Handbook
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_handcraft.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Handheld Crafting Tool
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_iogoggles.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT I/O Goggles
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_jetpack.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_jump.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Spring Boots (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_key.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cannon Key
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_machine.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrock Breaker
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_meter.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Angular Transducer
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_minecart.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ethanol Minecart
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_misccraft.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Ray Barrel
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modextracts.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Dust
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modingots.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modinterface.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Slippery Comb
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_motion.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Motion Tracker (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_nvg.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Night Vision Goggles (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_powders.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Netherrack Dust
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_pump.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Spring-Powered Pump (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_railgun.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT RailGun Ammunition (1 kg)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_rangefinder.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Range Finder (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_screwdriver.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shaft.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Shaft
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shaftcraft.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Base Panel
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shell.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Explosive Shell
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_slide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Projector Slide (0)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_spring.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Spring (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelaxe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelboots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelchest.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelhelmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelhoe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steellegs.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelpack.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelpick.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelshears.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Shears
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelshovel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelsickle.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Scythe
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelsword.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT HSLA Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_strongcoil.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT High-Strength Spring (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_stungun.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Knockback Gun (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_target.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT TNT Cannon Targeting Aid
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_tileselector.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tile Selector
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_ultrasound.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ultrasound (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Performance Engine Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_vacuum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vacuum (0 kJ)
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_worldedit.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT WorldEdit Tool
fe.protection.craft.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_yeast.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yeast
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.bandwidthupgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Item Router: Bandwidth upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.itemcamouflageupgrade.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Camouflage Device
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.itemejectupgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Item Router: Auto-Eject upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.itemfilterupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Item Router: Itemfilter upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.itemportablecraft.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Crafting
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.itemrouterblock.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Item Router
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.itemthoroughupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Item Router: Thorough upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.itemwrench.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT RR Wrench
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.machineupgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Item Router: Machinefilter upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT RR Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.routerManual.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Router Reborn Manual
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.speedupgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Item Router: Speed boost upgrade
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.upgradechestadvancedeject.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Eject Advanced
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.upgradechestadvancedextract.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Extract Advanced
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.upgradechesteject.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Eject Basic
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.upgradechestextract.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Extract Basic
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.upgradechestitemfilter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Item filter Basic
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.upgradechestitemfilteradvanced.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Item filter Advanced
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.upgradechestpackager.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Packager Basic
fe.protection.craft.RouterReborn.upgradechestpackageradvanced.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Packager Advanced
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.personalKey.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Key
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Concealment Key
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Packing Tape
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Drawer Key
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Template
fe.protection.craft.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Void Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Battleaxe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Battlesign
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.binding.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Binding
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Pattern
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Boots
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bowstring
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cleaver
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cutlass
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dagger
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Excavator
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Fletching
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Frying Pan
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pan
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gear Cast
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Canister
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Jerky
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Knapsack
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Longsword
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lumber Axe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.materials.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Paper Stack
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mattock
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ingot Cast
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Potion Launcher
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.craft.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.craft.TMechworks.LengthWire.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Length of Wire
fe.protection.craft.TMechworks.SpoolWire.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spool of Wire
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Funguar
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.craft.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Node in a Jar
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Focus Pouch
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Stone
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Door
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Axe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Boots
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bottled Taint
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bow of Bone
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Void Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Phial
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Straw Golem
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Helm
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Hoe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Common Treasure
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Bean
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Primal Crusher
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Research Notes
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Alumentum
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Protection
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sanity Checker
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Air Shard
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Shovel
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Blade
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Sword
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumometer
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Brain
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Air Arrow
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Cap
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.craft.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cow
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.vat.name
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incubated Egg
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Egg
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Animated Golem
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Injector
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lens Case
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Illumine Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Echo Lens
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Node Opener
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Planar Conduit
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Suicide Injection
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Syringe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Warded Syringe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Injection
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Putty
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Feline Amulet
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Transvector Binder
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Imbued Grain
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Potion of Aer
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Seeds
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ichor
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Aspect
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Protoclay
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Mould
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.craft.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.craft.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.craft.UniDict.cratedIngotBronze.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.UniDict.cratedIngotSilver.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated null
fe.protection.craft.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.craft.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.boosterBG.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.boosterBG.name
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.infinityBoosterCard.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Booster Card
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.infinityBoosterIcon.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.null.name
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.magnetCard.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magnet Card
fe.protection.craft.ae2wct.wirelessCraftingTerminal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_adamant.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Adamant Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_adamantine.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Adamantine Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_adamantium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Adamantium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_americium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Americium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_angmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Angmallen Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_antimony.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Antimony Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_anycopper.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten AnyCopper Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_anyiron.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten AnyIron Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_arsenic.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Arsenic Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_astralsilver.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Molten AstralSilver Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_atlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Atlarus Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_beryllium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Beryllium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_bismuth.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Bismuth Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_cadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Cadmium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_caesium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Caesium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_carmot.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Carmot Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_celenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Celenegil Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_cerium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Cerium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_ceruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Ceruclase Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_chrome.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Chrome Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_darkiron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten DarkIron Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_darksteel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten DarkSteel Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_deepiron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten DeepIron Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_desh.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Desh Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_draconium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Draconium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_dysprosium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Dysprosium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_electrum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Electrum Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_elntungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Tungsten Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_erbium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Erbium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_europium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Europium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_eximite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Eximite Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_force.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Force Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_gadolinium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Gadolinium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_gallium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Gallium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_haderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Haderoth Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_heeendium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Endium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_hepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Hepatizon Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_holmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Holmium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_indium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Indium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_infuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Infuscolium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_infusedgold.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Molten InfusedGold Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_inolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Inolashite Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_iridium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Iridium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_lanthanum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Lanthanum Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_lutetium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Lutetium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_magnesium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Magnesium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_manganese.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Manganese Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_meteoriciron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Molten MeteoricIron Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_midasium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Midasium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_mithril.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Mithril Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_molybdenum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Molybdenum Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_naquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Naquadah Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_naquadahenriched.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Molten NaquadahEnriched Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_naquadria.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Naquadria Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_neodymium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Neodymium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_neutronium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Neutronium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_niobium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Niobium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_orichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Orichalcum Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_osmium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Osmium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_oureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Oureclase Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_palladium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Palladium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_pigiron.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten PigIron Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_plutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Plutonium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_plutonium241.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Plutonium241 Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_praseodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Praseodymium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_prometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Prometheum Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_promethium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Promethium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_rubidium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Rubidium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_rutile.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Rutile Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_samarium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Samarium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_sanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Sanguinite Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_scandium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Scandium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_shadow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Shadow Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_shadowiron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten ShadowIron Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_silicon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Silicon Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_tantalum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Tantalum Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_tartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Tartarite Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_tellurium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Tellurium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_terbium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Terbium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_thorium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Thorium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_thulium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Thulium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_titanium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Titanium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_tritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Tritanium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_tungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Tungsten Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_uranium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Uranium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_uranium235.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Uranium235 Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_vanadium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Vanadium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_vulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Vulcanite Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_vyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Vyroxeres Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_ytterbium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Ytterbium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_yttrium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Yttrium Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.bottle_zinc.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Molten Zinc Bottle
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpAdamantium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Adamantium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpAmericium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Americium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpAngmallen.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Angmallen Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpAntimony.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Antimony Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpArsenic.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Arsenic Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpAstralSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT AstralSilver Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpAtlarus.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Atlarus Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpBeryllium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpBismuth.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpCadmium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cadmium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpCaesium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Caesium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpCarmot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carmot Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpCelenegil.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celenegil Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpCerium.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cerium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpCeruclase.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ceruclase Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpChrome.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chrome Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpDarkIron.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT DarkIron Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpDarkSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT DarkSteel Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpDeepIron.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT DeepIron Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpDesh.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpDysprosium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpElectrum.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpElnTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpEndium.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpErbium.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Erbium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpEuropium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Europium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpEximite.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Eximite Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpForce.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Force Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpGadolinium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gadolinium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpGallium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gallium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpHaderoth.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Haderoth Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpHeeEndium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpHepatizon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hepatizon Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpHolmium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Holmium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpIndium.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Indium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpInfuscolium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Infuscolium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpInfusedGold.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT InfusedGold Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpInolashite.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Inolashite Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpIridium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpLanthanum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lanthanum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpLithium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpLutetium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lutetium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpMagnesium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpManganese.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Manganese Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpMeteoricIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT MeteoricIron Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpMidasium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Midasium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpMolybdenum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molybdenum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpNaquadah.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadah Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpNaquadahEnriched.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT NaquadahEnriched Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpNaquadria.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadria Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpNeodymium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Neodymium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpNeutronium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Neutronium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpNiobium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpOrichalcum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orichalcum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpOureclase.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Oureclase Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPalladium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPigIron.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT PigIron Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPlutonium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPlutonium241.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium241 Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPraseodymium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Praseodymium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPrometheum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Prometheum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpPromethium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Promethium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpRubidium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rubidium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpRutile.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rutile Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpSamarium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Samarium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpSanguinite.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguinite Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpScandium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Scandium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpShadowIron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ShadowIron Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpSilicon.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpTantalum.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpTartarite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tartarite Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpTellurium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpTerbium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Terbium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpThorium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpThulium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thulium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpTitanium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpTritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpUranium235.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium235 Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpVanadium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Vanadium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpVulcanite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vulcanite Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpVyroxeres.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vyroxeres Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpYtterbium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ytterbium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpYttrium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yttrium Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clumpZinc.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Clump
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAdamant.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Adamant Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAdamantine.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Adamantine Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAdamantium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Adamantium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAmericium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Americium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAngmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Angmallen Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAntimony.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Antimony Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAnyCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native AnyCopper Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAnyIron.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native AnyIron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Ardite Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterArsenic.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Arsenic Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAstralSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Native AstralSilver Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterAtlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Atlarus Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterBeryllium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Beryllium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterBismuth.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Bismuth Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterCadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Cadmium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterCaesium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Caesium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterCarmot.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Carmot Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterCelenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Celenegil Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterCerium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Cerium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterCeruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Ceruclase Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterChrome.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Chrome Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Cobalt Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterDarkIron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native DarkIron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterDarkSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native DarkSteel Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterDeepIron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native DeepIron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterDesh.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Native Desh Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Draconium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterDysprosium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Dysprosium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterElectrum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Electrum Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Endium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterErbium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Erbium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterEuropium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Europium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterEximite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Eximite Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterForce.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Native Force Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterGadolinium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Gadolinium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterGallium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Gallium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterHaderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Haderoth Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterHeeEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Endium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterHepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Hepatizon Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterHolmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Holmium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterIndium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Indium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterInfuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Native Infuscolium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterInfusedGold.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Native InfusedGold Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterInolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Inolashite Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Iridium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterLanthanum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Lanthanum Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterLithium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Lithium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterLutetium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Lutetium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterMagnesium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Magnesium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterManganese.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Manganese Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterMeteoricIron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Native MeteoricIron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterMidasium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Midasium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Mithril Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterMolybdenum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Molybdenum Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterNaquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Naquadah Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterNaquadahEnriched.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Native NaquadahEnriched Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterNaquadria.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Naquadria Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterNeodymium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Neodymium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterNeutronium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Neutronium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Nickel Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterNiobium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Niobium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterOrichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Orichalcum Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterOsmium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterOureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Oureclase Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterPalladium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Palladium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterPigIron.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native PigIron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Platinum Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Plutonium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterPlutonium241.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Native Plutonium241 Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterPraseodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Native Praseodymium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterPrometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Prometheum Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterPromethium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Promethium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterRubidium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Rubidium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterRutile.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Rutile Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterSamarium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Samarium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterSanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Sanguinite Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterScandium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Scandium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Shadow Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterShadowIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native ShadowIron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterSilicon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Silicon Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterTantalum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Tantalum Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterTartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Tartarite Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterTellurium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Tellurium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterTerbium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Terbium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterThorium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Thorium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterThulium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Thulium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterTitanium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Titanium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterTritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Tritanium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterUranium235.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Native Uranium235 Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterVanadium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Vanadium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterVulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Vulcanite Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterVyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Vyroxeres Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterYtterbium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Native Ytterbium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterYttrium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Yttrium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.clusterZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Native Zinc Cluster
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedHeeEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Endium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedArdite.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedDraconium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedElnTungsten.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedHeeEndium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Endium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedShadow.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedPurifiedTritanium.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crushedTritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalAdamantium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Adamantium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalAmericium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Americium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalAngmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Angmallen Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalAntimony.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Antimony Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalArsenic.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Arsenic Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalAstralSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT AstralSilver Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalAtlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Atlarus Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalBeryllium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalBismuth.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalCadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cadmium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalCaesium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Caesium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalCarmot.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Carmot Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalCelenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Celenegil Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalCerium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cerium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalCeruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ceruclase Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalChrome.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chrome Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalDarkIron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT DarkIron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalDarkSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT DarkSteel Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalDeepIron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT DeepIron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalDesh.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalDysprosium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalElectrum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalErbium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Erbium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalEuropium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Europium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalEximite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Eximite Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalForce.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Force Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalGadolinium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gadolinium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalGallium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gallium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalHaderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Haderoth Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalHeeEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalHepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hepatizon Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalHolmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Holmium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalIndium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Indium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalInfuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Infuscolium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalInfusedGold.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT InfusedGold Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalInolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inolashite Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalLanthanum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lanthanum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalLithium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalLutetium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lutetium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalMagnesium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalManganese.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Manganese Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalMeteoricIron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT MeteoricIron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalMidasium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Midasium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalMolybdenum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Molybdenum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalNaquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadah Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalNaquadahEnriched.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT NaquadahEnriched Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalNaquadria.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadria Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalNeodymium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Neodymium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalNeutronium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Neutronium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalNiobium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalOrichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Orichalcum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalOureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Oureclase Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPalladium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPigIron.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT PigIron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPlutonium241.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium241 Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPraseodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Praseodymium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPrometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Prometheum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalPromethium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Promethium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalRubidium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rubidium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalRutile.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rutile Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalSamarium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Samarium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalSanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguinite Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalScandium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scandium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalShadowIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ShadowIron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalSilicon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalTantalum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalTartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tartarite Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalTellurium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalTerbium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Terbium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalThorium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalThulium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Thulium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalTitanium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalTritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalUranium235.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium235 Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalVanadium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vanadium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalVulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Vulcanite Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalVyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Vyroxeres Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalYtterbium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ytterbium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalYttrium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Yttrium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.crystalZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAdamant.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Adamant Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAdamantine.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Adamantine Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAdamantium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Adamantium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAluminium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAmericium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Americium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAngmallen.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Angmallen Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAntimony.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Antimony Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAnyCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty AnyCopper Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAnyIron.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty AnyIron Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyArsenic.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Arsenic Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAstralSilver.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty AstralSilver Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyAtlarus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Atlarus Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyBeryllium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Beryllium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyBismuth.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Bismuth Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyCadmium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Cadmium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyCaesium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Caesium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyCarmot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Carmot Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyCelenegil.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Celenegil Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyCerium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Cerium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyCeruclase.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Ceruclase Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyChrome.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Chrome Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyDarkIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty DarkIron Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyDarkSteel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty DarkSteel Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyDeepIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty DeepIron Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyDesh.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Desh Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Draconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyDysprosium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyElectrum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Electrum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyElnTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Endium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyErbium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Erbium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyEuropium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Europium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyEximite.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Eximite Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyForce.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Force Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyGadolinium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Gadolinium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyGallium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Gallium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyHaderoth.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Haderoth Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyHeeEndium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Endium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyHepatizon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Hepatizon Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyHolmium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Holmium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyIndium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Indium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyInfuscolium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Infuscolium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyInfusedGold.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty InfusedGold Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyInolashite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Inolashite Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyIridium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Iridium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyLanthanum.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Lanthanum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyLithium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Lithium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyLutetium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Lutetium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyMagnesium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyManganese.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Manganese Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyMeteoricIron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty MeteoricIron Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyMidasium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Midasium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyMolybdenum.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Molybdenum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadah.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Naquadah Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadahEnriched.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty NaquadahEnriched Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadria.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Naquadria Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyNeodymium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Neodymium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyNeutronium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Neutronium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyNiobium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Niobium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyOrichalcum.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Orichalcum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyOureclase.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Oureclase Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPalladium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Palladium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPigIron.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty PigIron Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPlutonium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Plutonium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPlutonium241.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Plutonium241 Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPraseodymium.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Praseodymium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPrometheum.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Prometheum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyPromethium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Promethium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyRubidium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Rubidium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyRutile.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Rutile Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtySamarium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Samarium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtySanguinite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Sanguinite Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyScandium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Scandium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Shadow Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyShadowIron.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty ShadowIron Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtySilicon.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Silicon Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyTantalum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Tantalum Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyTartarite.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Tartarite Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyTellurium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyTerbium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Terbium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyThorium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Thorium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyThulium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Thulium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyTitanium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Titanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyTritanium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyUranium235.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Uranium235 Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyVanadium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Vanadium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyVulcanite.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Vulcanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyVyroxeres.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Vyroxeres Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyYtterbium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Ytterbium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyYttrium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Yttrium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustDirtyZinc.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustHeeEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustShadow.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyArdite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyDraconium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Draconium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyElnTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyHeeEndium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Endium Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.dustTinyShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Shadow Dust
fe.protection.craft.aobd.nuggetCadmium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cadmium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.aobd.nuggetElnTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.craft.aobd.nuggetHeeEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.aobd.nuggetRutile.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rutile Nugget
fe.protection.craft.aobd.nuggetShadow.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Nugget
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAdamant.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Adamant Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAdamantine.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Adamantine Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAdamantium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Adamantium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAmericium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Americium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAngmallen.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Angmallen Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAntimony.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Antimony Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAnyCopper.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT AnyCopper Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAnyIron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT AnyIron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryArdite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryArsenic.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Arsenic Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAstralSilver.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT AstralSilver Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryAtlarus.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Atlarus Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryBeryllium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryBismuth.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryCadmium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cadmium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryCaesium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Caesium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryCarmot.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carmot Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryCelenegil.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Celenegil Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryCerium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cerium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryCeruclase.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ceruclase Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryChrome.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chrome Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryCobalt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryDarkIron.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT DarkIron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryDarkSteel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT DarkSteel Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryDeepIron.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT DeepIron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryDesh.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryDraconium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryDysprosium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryElectrum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryElnTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryEndium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryErbium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Erbium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryEuropium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Europium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryEximite.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Eximite Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryForce.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Force Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryGadolinium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gadolinium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryGallium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gallium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryHaderoth.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Haderoth Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryHeeEndium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryHepatizon.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hepatizon Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryHolmium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Holmium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryIndium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Indium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryInfuscolium.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Infuscolium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryInfusedGold.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT InfusedGold Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryInolashite.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inolashite Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryIridium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryLanthanum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lanthanum Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryLead.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryLithium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryLutetium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lutetium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryMagnesium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryManganese.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Manganese Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryMeteoricIron.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT MeteoricIron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryMidasium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Midasium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryMolybdenum.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Molybdenum Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryNaquadah.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadah Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryNaquadahEnriched.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT NaquadahEnriched Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryNaquadria.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadria Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryNeodymium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Neodymium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryNeutronium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Neutronium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryNiobium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryOrichalcum.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Orichalcum Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryOsmium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryOureclase.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Oureclase Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryPalladium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryPigIron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT PigIron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryPlutonium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryPlutonium241.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium241 Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryPraseodymium.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Praseodymium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryPrometheum.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Prometheum Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryPromethium.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Promethium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryRubidium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rubidium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryRutile.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Rutile Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberrySamarium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Samarium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberrySanguinite.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguinite Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryScandium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Scandium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryShadowIron.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ShadowIron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberrySilicon.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberrySilver.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryTantalum.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryTartarite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tartarite Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryTellurium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryTerbium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Terbium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryThorium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryThulium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thulium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryTitanium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryTritanium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryUranium235.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium235 Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryVanadium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Vanadium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryVulcanite.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vulcanite Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryVyroxeres.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vyroxeres Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryYtterbium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ytterbium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryYttrium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yttrium Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.oreberryZinc.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardAdamantium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Adamantium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardAmericium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Americium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardAngmallen.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Angmallen Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardAntimony.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Antimony Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardArsenic.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Arsenic Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardAstralSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT AstralSilver Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardAtlarus.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Atlarus Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardBeryllium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beryllium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardBismuth.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardCadmium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cadmium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardCaesium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Caesium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardCarmot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carmot Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardCelenegil.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celenegil Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardCerium.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cerium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardCeruclase.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ceruclase Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardChrome.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chrome Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardDarkIron.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT DarkIron Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardDarkSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT DarkSteel Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardDeepIron.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT DeepIron Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardDesh.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Draconium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardDysprosium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dysprosium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardElectrum.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardElnTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardEndium.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardErbium.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Erbium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardEuropium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Europium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardEximite.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Eximite Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardForce.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Force Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardGadolinium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gadolinium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardGallium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gallium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardHaderoth.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Haderoth Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardHeeEndium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Endium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardHepatizon.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hepatizon Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardHolmium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Holmium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardIndium.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Indium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardInfuscolium.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Infuscolium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardInfusedGold.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT InfusedGold Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardInolashite.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Inolashite Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardIridium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardLanthanum.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lanthanum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardLithium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardLutetium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lutetium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardMagnesium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardManganese.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Manganese Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardMeteoricIron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT MeteoricIron Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardMidasium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Midasium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardMolybdenum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Molybdenum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardNaquadah.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadah Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardNaquadahEnriched.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT NaquadahEnriched Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardNaquadria.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadria Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardNeodymium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Neodymium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardNeutronium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Neutronium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardNiobium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Niobium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardOrichalcum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orichalcum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardOureclase.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Oureclase Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPalladium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPigIron.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT PigIron Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPlutonium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPlutonium241.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Plutonium241 Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPraseodymium.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Praseodymium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPrometheum.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Prometheum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardPromethium.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Promethium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardRubidium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rubidium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardRutile.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rutile Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardSamarium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Samarium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardSanguinite.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sanguinite Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardScandium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Scandium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shadow Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardShadowIron.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ShadowIron Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardSilicon.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardTantalum.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tantalum Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardTartarite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tartarite Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardTellurium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tellurium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardTerbium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Terbium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardThorium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thorium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardThulium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thulium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardTitanium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardTritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardUranium235.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium235 Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardVanadium.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Vanadium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardVulcanite.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vulcanite Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardVyroxeres.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vyroxeres Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardYtterbium.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ytterbium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardYttrium.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yttrium Shard
fe.protection.craft.aobd.shardZinc.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Shard
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT This Item Is Disabled.
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT 128³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT 16³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT 2³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT View Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biometric Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Staff
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Cannon
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Memory Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Network Tool
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.drillhead.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Drill Head
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.impulse_boots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Impulse Boots
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.wand_upgradeable.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Capped Treated Wood Wand
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.wandcap.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Wand Cap
fe.protection.craft.arcane_engineering.wandupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainer.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerChest.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerFeet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Feet Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerHead.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Head Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerLegs.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Legs Armour Container
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.armourersHammer.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Armourers Hammer
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.blockMarker.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Block Marker
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.burnTool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Burn Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.colourNoiseTool.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Colour Noise Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.colourPicker.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Colour Picker
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.debugTool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.dodgeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dodge Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.dyeBottle.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dye Bottle
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkin.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Equipment Skin
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkinTemplate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Equipment Skin Template
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.guideBook.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Guide Book
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.hueTool.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hue Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.mannequinTool.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mannequin Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.paintRoller.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Roller
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.paintbrush.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.shadeNoiseTool.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shade Noise Tool
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.soap.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soap
fe.protection.craft.armourersWorkshop.wandOfStyle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Of Style
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.backpack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Backpack
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.backpack_pouch.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Backpack Pouch
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.backpack_resizer.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Backpack Resizer
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.backpack_restorer.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Backpack Restorer
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.quantum_backpack.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Backpack
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.unknown_item.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Item
fe.protection.craft.betterbuilderswands.wandDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Wand
fe.protection.craft.betterbuilderswands.wandIron.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Wand
fe.protection.craft.betterbuilderswands.wandStone.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Wand
fe.protection.craft.betterbuilderswands.wandUnbreakable.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Unbreakable Wand
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.aspectProcessor.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT MRU == Aspect Matrix
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.aspectTransvector.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT MRU Aspect Directer
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedElementalCore.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Elemental Core
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedMagicalAlloys.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Magical Alloys
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedMagicalPlate.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Magical Plate
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.cap_inert.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT MRU Wand Cap (Inert)
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_MRUMovement.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: MRU Movement
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_ender.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: MRU Teleportation
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_fortification.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: MRU Fortification
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_lifedrain.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: MRU Lifedrain
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_light.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: MRU Lights
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_mruInfusion.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: MRU Infusion
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_sanity.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: MRU Sanity
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.gemChaos.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chaotic Gem
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.gemFrozen.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Frozen Gem
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.inertInteractor.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inert MRU Matrix Interactor
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.inkwellmru.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT MRU Powered Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.matrixInteractor.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT MRU Matrix Interactor
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.monocle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Monocle Of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.mruCap.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT MRU Wand Cap
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.pearl.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Overcharged Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.primordialCore.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial MRU Core
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.shade_protector.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT SHADE Protector
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.staffRod.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT MRU Staff Rod
fe.protection.craft.essenthaum.essenthaum.wandRod.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT MRU Wand Rod
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.aFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Windy Focus
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.air_potion.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Air Potion
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.bauble.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Accessory
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.baublesCore.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Matrix Destructor
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.biomeWand.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Wand
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.boots_inq.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inquisitorium Boots
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.boots_magic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT MHS Boots
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.boots_void.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Boots
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.boots_wind.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Mage Boots
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.bottledWind.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bottled Wind
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.bound_gem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Gem
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.chaosFork.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chaos Fork
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.charm.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Charm
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.chest_inq.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Inquisitorium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.chest_magic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT MHS Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.chest_void.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.chest_wind.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Mage Robe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.collectedSpawner.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.computerBoard.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Computer Guy's Antigravitational Board
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.computer_boots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Computer Guy's Boots
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.computer_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Computer Guy's Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.computer_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Computer Guy's Helmet
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.computer_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Computer Guy's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.controlRod.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Control Rod
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.craftingFrame.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Frame
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.dividerGun.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Divider's Gun
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.drops.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flame Drops
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.eFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Earthen Focus
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.elementalFuel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Elemental Fuel
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.elementalSword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Sword
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.elemental_axe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Axe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.elemental_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Hoe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.elemental_pick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.elemental_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Shovel
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.elemental_sword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Sword
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.ember.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Acidic Ember
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.emeraldHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Heart
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.entityEgg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn Entity: MRUCU
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.essence.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Essence
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.mruMover1.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT MRUCU Moving Wand
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.testItem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT [DEV ONLY]
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.fFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Focus
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.frozenMace.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Frozen Mace
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.fruit_Item.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.essentialcraft:fruit_Item.name
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.genItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Combined Magical Alloys
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.gun.gatling.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gatling Gun
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.gun.pistol.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pistol
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.gun.rifle.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Assault Rifle
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.gun.sniper.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sniper Rifle
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.helm_inq.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inquisitorium Helm
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.helm_magic.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT MHS Helm
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.helm_void.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Helm
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.helm_wind.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Mage Hood
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.holyMace.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Holy Mace
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.imprisonedWind.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Imprisoned Wind
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.inventoryGem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Gem
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.itemFilter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Inventory Node Filter
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.legs_inq.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Inquisitorium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.legs_magic.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT MHS Leggings
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.legs_void.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Void Leggings
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.legs_wind.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Mage Leggings
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicMonocle.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Monocle
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicWaterBottle.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicalAlloy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Magmatic Alloy
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicalBuilder.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Building Wand
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicalChisel.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Chisel
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicalDigger.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Digger
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicalLantern.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Lantern
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicalPorkchop.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicalShield.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Shield
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicalSlag.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Slag
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magicalWings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Wings
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magmaticStaff.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magmatic Staff
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.magnetizingStaff.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Magnetizing Staff
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.mruMatrixProjection.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT MRUMP - Empty
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.mruMover_t2.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT MRUCU Moving Wand Tier 2
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.orbitalRemote.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Orbital Strike
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.playerList.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Player Whitelist
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.record.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Record
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.record_a.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Record
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.record_secret.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT It's A Mystery!
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.research_book.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Research Book
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.robocalypse.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Holographic Record
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.secret.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT 410 Bus Ticket
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.shadeKnife.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT SHADE Corrupted Daggers
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.shadeSlasher.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT SHADE Corrupted Cleaver
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.shadeSword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT SHADE Corrupted Sword
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.soul.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Captured Soul - Villager
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.soulScriber.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Scriber
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.soulStone.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Stone
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.spawnerCollector.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spawner Collector
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.spikyShield.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spiky Buckler
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.staffOfLife.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Staff Of Life
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.storage.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Shard
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.titanite.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Titanite
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.twinkling_titanite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Twinkling Titanite
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Watery Focus
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_axe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Elemental Axe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_hoe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Elemental Hoe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_pick.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Elemental Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_shovel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Elemental Shovel
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_sword.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Weakened Elemental Sword
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.windKeeper.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Trapped Wind
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.windTablet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Tablet
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wind_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Infused Boots
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wind_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_axe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Infused Axe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_hoe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Infused Hoe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_pick.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_shovel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Infused Shovel
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_sword.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Infused Sword
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wind_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Infused Helmet
fe.protection.craft.essentialcraft.wind_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wind Infused Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT null
fe.protection.craft.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.extracells.part.base.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.component.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Production Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Climate Control Module
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gene Sample
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Genetic Template
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Genetics Processor
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT invalid.name
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT invalid.name
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Item Import Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.Labware.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Genetics Labware
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Can
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Power Module
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Protein Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Protein Can
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.Waste.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Genetic Waste
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Double_Thoriumcell.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.GregTech_FluidDisplay.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT 
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.Thoriumcell.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.ThoriumcellDep.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.comb.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lignite Comb
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.integrated_circuit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.integrated_circuit.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.metaitem.01.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.metaitem.02.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.metaitem.02.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.metaitem.03.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.metaitem.03.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.metatool.01.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT gt.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.neutronreflector.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT gt.neutronreflector.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXDual.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorMOXDual.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorMOXQuad.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorMOXSimple.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumDual.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorUraniumDual.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorUraniumQuad.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT gt.reactorUraniumSimple.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.gt.sensorcard.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT gt.sensorcard.name
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modulararmor_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Modular Armor Boots
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modulararmor_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Modular Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modulararmor_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Modular Armor Helmet
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modulararmor_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Modular Armor Leggings
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric1_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Exoskeleton Boots
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric1_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Exoskeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric1_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Exoskeleton Helmet
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric1_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Exoskeleton Leggings
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric2_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Nanosuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric2_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Nanosuit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric2_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Nanosuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.gregtech.modularelectric2_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Nanosuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fluix Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hopper Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Milk
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.mo.android_pill.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Red Pill
fe.protection.craft.mo.battery.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_base.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Base
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_matter_extractor.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Extractor
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_power_generator.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Power Generator
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_residential.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Residential Buildings
fe.protection.craft.mo.building_ship_hangar.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ship Hangar
fe.protection.craft.mo.contract.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Contract
fe.protection.craft.mo.creative_battery.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Battery
fe.protection.craft.mo.creative_pattern_drive.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Pattern Drive
fe.protection.craft.mo.data_pad.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Data Pad
fe.protection.craft.mo.dilithium_crystal.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dilithium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.mo.earl_gray_tea.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
fe.protection.craft.mo.emergency_ration.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Emergency Ration
fe.protection.craft.mo.energy_pack.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Pack
fe.protection.craft.mo.forcefield_emitter.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Force Field Emitter
fe.protection.craft.mo.h_compensator.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heisenberg Compensator
fe.protection.craft.mo.hc_battery.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT High Capacity Battery
fe.protection.craft.mo.integration_matrix.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Integration Matrix
fe.protection.craft.mo.ion_sniper.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ion Sniper
fe.protection.craft.mo.isolinear_circuit.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Isolinear Circuit Mk1
fe.protection.craft.mo.machine_casing.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Casing
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_container.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Matter Container
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_container_full.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Full Matter Container
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Dust
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_dust_refined.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Matter Dust
fe.protection.craft.mo.matter_scanner.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Scanner
fe.protection.craft.mo.me_conversion_matrix.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Matter-Energy Conversion Matrix
fe.protection.craft.mo.network_flash_drive.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Network Flash Drive
fe.protection.craft.mo.omni_tool.*                                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Omni Tool
fe.protection.craft.mo.pattern_drive.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pattern Drive
fe.protection.craft.mo.phaser.*                                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Phaser
fe.protection.craft.mo.phaser_rifle.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Phaser Rifle
fe.protection.craft.mo.plasma_core.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Core
fe.protection.craft.mo.plasma_shotgun.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Plasma Shotgun
fe.protection.craft.mo.portable_decomposer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Decomposer
fe.protection.craft.mo.romulan_ale.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Romulan Ale
fe.protection.craft.mo.rouge_android_part.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Android Head
fe.protection.craft.mo.s_magnet.*                                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Superconductor Magnet
fe.protection.craft.mo.scout_ship.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scout Ship
fe.protection.craft.mo.security_protocol.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Security Protocol
fe.protection.craft.mo.ship_colonizer.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Colonizer Ship
fe.protection.craft.mo.ship_factory.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ship Factory
fe.protection.craft.mo.sniper_scope.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sniper Scope
fe.protection.craft.mo.spacetime_equalizer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Space-Time Equalizer
fe.protection.craft.mo.transport_flash_drive.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Transport Flash Drive
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritainum_spine.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Spine
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Axe
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Boots
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_dust.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_nugget.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_plate.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Sword
fe.protection.craft.mo.tritanium_wrench.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tritanium Wrench
fe.protection.craft.mo.upgrade.*                                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Shell
fe.protection.craft.mo.weapon_handle.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Weapon Handle
fe.protection.craft.mo.weapon_module_barrel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dilithium Focusing Matrix
fe.protection.craft.mo.weapon_module_color.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Color Module (Red)
fe.protection.craft.mo.weapon_receiver.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Weapon Receiver
fe.protection.craft.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.craft.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blindness Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Button Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Porter
fe.protection.craft.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clock Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Computer Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Developers Delight
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dimension Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Template
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.craft.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.craft.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.craft.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flight Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Haste Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Diamond
fe.protection.craft.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.craft.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Information Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.craft.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.craft.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Night Vision Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orphaning Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peace Essence
fe.protection.craft.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peaceful Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.craft.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Poison Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.craft.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Regeneration Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.craft.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT RFTools Manual
fe.protection.craft.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Saturation Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Security Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shape Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shard Wand
fe.protection.craft.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Slowness Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Smart Wrench
fe.protection.craft.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.craft.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.craft.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.craft.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT unknown.name
fe.protection.craft.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Syringe
fe.protection.craft.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.craft.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Text Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.craft.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.craft.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Weakness Module
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraftneiplugin.Aspect.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemAspect
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bloody Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bloody Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bloody Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.herobrinesScythe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe Of The White-Eyed One
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Aer Fragment
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pestle And Mortar
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT §eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plax Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket of Pyrofluid
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redlon Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Void Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Void Shears
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knowledge Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diffusion Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.craft.witchery.arthana.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arthana
fe.protection.craft.witchery.babashat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bark Belt
fe.protection.craft.witchery.biomenote.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Beach
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Biting Belt
fe.protection.craft.witchery.boline.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Boline
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brew.water.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brewbag.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brew Bag
fe.protection.craft.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brew
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.craft.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.craft.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.craft.witchery.canesword.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cane Sword
fe.protection.craft.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Witches' Brews
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.craft.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Circle Talisman
fe.protection.craft.witchery.coffin.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coffin
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Death's Hood
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Death's Footwear
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathshand.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hand of Death
fe.protection.craft.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Death's Robe
fe.protection.craft.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.craft.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Diviner
fe.protection.craft.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Water Diviner
fe.protection.craft.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.craft.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.craft.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Earmuffs
fe.protection.craft.witchery.garlic.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic
fe.protection.craft.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Goblet
fe.protection.craft.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.craft.witchery.handbow.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.craft.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Icy Slippers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Candelabra
fe.protection.craft.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Twisting Band
fe.protection.craft.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.craft.witchery.louse.*                                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mirror.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mirror
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Moon Charm
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mutator.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.craft.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mystic Branch
fe.protection.craft.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.craft.witchery.playercompass.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Player Compass
fe.protection.craft.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.craft.witchery.poppet.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Poppet
fe.protection.craft.witchery.potion.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Universal Antidote
fe.protection.craft.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.craft.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.craft.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.craft.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.craft.witchery.silversword.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sword
fe.protection.craft.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spectral Stone
fe.protection.craft.witchery.stew.*                                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.witchery.stewraw.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sun Grenade
fe.protection.craft.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Taglock Kit
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.craft.witchery.witchhand.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Witches Hand
fe.protection.craft.witchery.witchhat.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Witches' Hat
fe.protection.craft.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Witches Robes
fe.protection.craft.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.exist.*                                                                             # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Aether
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Air Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Potion Flask
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Aquasalus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blank Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Offensa
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Rod
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wood Ash
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bound Axe
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bound Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bound Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bound Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bound Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bound Shovel
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Life
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Orb of Testing
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crepitous
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crystallos
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Demon Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Divination Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Energy Blaster
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bound Blade
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Imbued Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Incendium
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Alchemic Router
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Key of Binding
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lava Crystal
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lava Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magicales
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sanctus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tenebrae
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Terrae
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Sigil
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.exist.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.autoHandMirror.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hungry Hand Mirror
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.avaricePearl.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.baubleEnderDisjunction.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Ender Disjunction
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.bucketMushroom.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.bucketVishroom.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.creativeTool.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thinking Cap
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.crystalBrain.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crystalline Brain: Air
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.crystalEntityEye.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oculo Anima
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.crystalEye.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crystalline Eye
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.edible.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mercatus Amalgam
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.enchantedPaper.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Paper
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.focusCrafting.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Crafting
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.foodstuff.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Vishroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.glyph.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Aqueous Admixture
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.golemLinker.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golem Linking Bell
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.golemWorkbenchUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Workbench Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.horizontal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shattered Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Conflux Disc
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.netherHeart.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ember Heart
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.phialExtra.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Phial of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.shardSliver.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sliver of Air
fe.protection.exist.Automagy.tallyLens.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tally Box Lens: Clear
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.bambooDustCray.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST dustClay
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.bambooFood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Meshi
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.bamboobasket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST BambooBasket
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.bamboobow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST BambooBow
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.bamboodough.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dough
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.bambooflour.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flour
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.bamboopickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.bamboospear.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST BambooSpear
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.bamboosword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST BambooSword
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.boiledEgg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST BoiledEgg
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.cookingrecipe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST CookingRecipe
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.fan.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fan
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.firecracker.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Firecracker(S)
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.huton.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Huton
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.itemFireflyBottle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST FireflyBottle
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.itembamboo.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ItemBamboo
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.itembean.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bean
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.itemsack.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST ItemSack
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.itemseaweed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.itemtomato.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tomato
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.kaginawa.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kaginawa
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.kakeziku.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kakeziku
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.katana.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Katana
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.magatama.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Magatama
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.obon.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obon
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.rawrice.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rawrice
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.seedrice.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Seedrice
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.seedseaweed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST SeaweedSeed
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.shavedice.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST ShavedIce(Normal)
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.slideDoor.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Husuma
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.snowball.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST SnowBall(stone)
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.straw.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Straw
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.tudura.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tudura
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.waterwheel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Waterwheel
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.windchime.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Windchime
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.windmill.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Windmill
fe.protection.exist.BambooMod.zabuton.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cushion
fe.protection.exist.Baubles.Ring.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Ring
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Atlas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Atlas Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Chase
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lock and Key
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Screw Gun
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Reading Glasses
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Drafting Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Big Writing Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eternal Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Framing Board
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Framing Saw
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Framing Sheet
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hand Drill
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Painting Canvas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plumb line
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Slotted Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Template
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Debugger
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST List
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Map Location
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wood Gear
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Board
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Robot
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Docking Station
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Package
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Gate Copier
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*              # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*               # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*               # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*           # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Basic Gate
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lens (Black)
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Plug
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Power Adapter
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.exist.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.AdvancedAssembly.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Assembly
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.AdvancedTerrainModule.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Terrain Module
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.AtomicAssembly.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Assembly
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.AtomicBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Binder
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.AtomicModule.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Module
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.BabyGrenade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Baby Grenade
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Broccoli.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.BroccoliSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Seeds
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Calculator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Calculator
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.CalculatorAssembly.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Calculator Assembly
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.CalculatorScreen.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Calculator Screen
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.CircuitBoard.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.CircuitDamaged.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Damaged Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.CircuitDirty.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.CoalDust.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coal Dust
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ControlledFuel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Controlled Fuel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.CookedBroccoli.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Broccoli
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.CraftingCalculator.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Calculator
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ElectricAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electric Axe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ElectricDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Electric Diamond
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ElectricHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electric Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ElectricPickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Electric Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ElectricShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Electric Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ElectricSword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Electric Sword
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EndDiamond.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST End Diamond
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EndForgedAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST End Forged Axe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EndForgedHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST End Forged Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EndForgedPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST End Forged Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EndForgedShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST End Forged Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EndForgedSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST End Forged Sword
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnergyModule.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energy Module
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnrichedCoal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Coal
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnrichedGold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Gold
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnrichedGoldAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Gold Axe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnrichedGoldHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Gold Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnrichedGoldIngot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnrichedGoldPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Gold Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnrichedGoldShovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Gold Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.EnrichedGoldSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Gold Sword
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FiddledewFruit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fiddledew Fruit
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FireCoal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fire Coal
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FireDiamondAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fire Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FireDiamondHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fire Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FireDiamondPickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fire Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FireDiamondShovel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fire Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FireDiamondSword.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fire Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FlawlessCalculator.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flawless Calculator
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FlawlessDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Flawless Diamond
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondAxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flawless Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondHoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flawless Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flawless Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondShovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flawless Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondSword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Flawless Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.FlawlessFireDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fire Diamond
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Grenade.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Grenade
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.GrenadeCasing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grenade Casing
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.HealthModule.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Health Module
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.HungerModule.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hunger Module
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.InfoCalculator.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Info Calculator
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.LargeTanzanite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Large Tanzanite
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Large_Amethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Large Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.LocatorModule.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Locator Module
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.NutritionModule.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nutrition Module
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ObsidianKey.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Key
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Pear.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pear
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.PrunaeSeeds.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Prunae Seeds
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.PurifiedCoal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Purified Coal
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.RedstoneHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.RedstoneIngot.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.RedstonePickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.RedstoneShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.RedstoneSword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Sword
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.RedstonedAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Axe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Axe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedIronAxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedIronHoe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedIronIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedIronPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedIronShovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedIronSword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedPickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ReinforcedSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Sword
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.RottenPear.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Pear
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ScientificCalculator.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Scientific Calculator
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.ShardTanzanite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tanzanite Shard
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Shard_Amethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst Shard
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Sickle.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sickle
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.SmallStone.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Stone
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.SmallTanzanite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tanzanite
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Small_Amethyst.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Soil.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Soil
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.StorageModule.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.TerrainModule.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Basic Terrain Module
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.VoidUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.WeakenedDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Diamond
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondAxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondHoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondShovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondSword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.Calculator.Wrench.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.antidote.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Antidote
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.defuser.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Defuser
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.grenade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Conventional Grenade
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.laserDesignator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Laser Designator
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.minecart.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Explosive Cart
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.missile.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Conventional Missile
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.poisonPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Poison Powder
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.radarGun.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Radar Gun
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.remoteDetonator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Remote Detonator
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.rocketLauncher.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.signalDisrupter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Signal Disrupter
fe.protection.exist.DefenseTech.tracker.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tracker
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Spawn 
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chaos Shard
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Chaotic Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Comet
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Axe
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Boots
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Bow
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Helm
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Sword
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Heart
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Arrow
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Key
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Item Dislocator
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mob Soul
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Solar Focus
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST TCLogo
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Binder
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Core
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.exist.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_battery.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Battery
fe.protection.exist.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_book.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST ElectriCraft Handbook
fe.protection.exist.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_crafting.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Dust
fe.protection.exist.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_crystal.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_eubattery.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST EU Storage Battery (RBSU)
fe.protection.exist.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_ingots.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_placer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST electri.wire
fe.protection.exist.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_rfbattery.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST RF Storage Battery
fe.protection.exist.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_wire.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Wire
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.Copper_Axe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Copper Axe
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.Copper_Boots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Boots
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.Copper_Chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.Copper_Helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.Copper_Hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.Copper_Leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Copper Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.Copper_Pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.Copper_Shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.Copper_Sword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sword
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Boots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST E-Coal Boots
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST E-Coal Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST E-Coal Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST E-Coal Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.sharedItem.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST .name
fe.protection.exist.Eln.Eln.sharedItemStackOne.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST .name
fe.protection.exist.Eln.eln.itemCreativeTab.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.eln:elncreativetab.name
fe.protection.exist.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pouch
fe.protection.exist.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_item_bluewire.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Wire
fe.protection.exist.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_item_placer.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Block Update Detector
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Angel Ring
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Healing Axe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Division Sigil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Etheric Sword
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Glove
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golden Lasso
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Heating Coil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kikoku
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST ERR
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soul fragment
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Portable Scanner
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Precision Shears
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Watering Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ambrosia
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apatite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apatite
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ash.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ash
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey Comb
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Drone
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Princess
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Queen
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Beealyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Beeswax
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.beverage.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Broken Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Honey Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Juice Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canIce.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ice Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Juice Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canLava.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lava Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canMead.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mead Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canOil.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Oil Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.canWater.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Water Can
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.carton.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Carton
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Catalogue
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.crate.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crate
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Compost
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Proven Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Untreated Frame
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.fruits.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Gear
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.grafter.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Grafter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Proven Grafter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Habitat Locator
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Honey Drop
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey Pot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honeydew
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Imprinter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.infuser.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Infuser
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shovel Kit
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.letters.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Letter
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.mulch.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mulch
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spectacles
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.peat.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Peat
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Phosphor
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pipette.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pipette
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pollen.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.propolis.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Propolis
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Honey Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Juice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lava Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Water Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Wax
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.sapling.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.scoop.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Scoop
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST ???
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soldering Iron
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.stamps.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Treealyzer
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wax Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Honey Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Juice Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Water Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wax Cast
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wood Pulp
fe.protection.exist.Forestry.wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Unnamed
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.adventurers_diary.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Adventurer's Diary
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.altar_nexus.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Altar Nexus
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.arcane_shard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Shard
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.auricion.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Auricion
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_compass.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Biome Compass
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.blank_gem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Blank Gem
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.bucket_ender_goo.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Goo Bucket
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Power
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm_pouch.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Charm Pouch
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Curse of Teleportation
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Curse Amulet
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dry_splinter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dry Splinter
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST End Powder
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Enderman Head
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ingot.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Endium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endoplasm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ectoplasm
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Energy Wand
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand_core.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energy Wand Core
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Enhanced Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_ender_pearl.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Essence
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.exp_bottle_consistent.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.fire_shard.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Infernium
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ghost_amulet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ghost Amulet (Impure)
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Igneous Rock
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.infestation_remedy.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Infestation Remedy
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Instability Orb
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.item_special_effects.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.itemNumber.name
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.knowledge_note.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Knowledge Note
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.living_matter.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Living Matter
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.music_disk.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_fragment.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Fragment
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_rod.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_instability.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Potion of Instability
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_purity.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potion of Purity
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.rune.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Rune of Power
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.schorching_pickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scorching Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.silverfish_blood.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Silverfish Blood
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spatial_dash_gem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Spatial Dash Gem
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spawn_eggs.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Angry Enderman
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spectral_tear.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spectral Tear
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stardust
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_caller.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Temple Caller
fe.protection.exist.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transference_gem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Transference Gem
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Refined Iron)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Composite Vest
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST BatPack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST CF Backpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energypack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bio Chaff
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCable.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Empty Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hydration Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Beans
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Credit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Containment Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Debug Item
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Door
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDust.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST CF Sprayer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plantball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Grin Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Resin
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemHops.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Hops
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lathing Tool
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Zero
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cold Coffee
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Mug
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nano Saber
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST CF Powder
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Coal Ball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Coal Chunk
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Plate
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Coil
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Rubber
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST OD Scanner
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST OV Scanner
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scrap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Scrap Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Shard
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Slag
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Static Boots
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steam Turbine
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Terra Wart
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cutter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Forge Hammer
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Electric Hoe
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Drill
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST EU-Reader
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mining Laser
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brown Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lime Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pink Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST White Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Painter
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Electric Wrench
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tool Box
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Treetap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Electric Treetap
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 235
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 238
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Weed
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Weed-EX
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Memory
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.obscurator.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obscurator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IC2.windmeter.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Windmeter
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemCounterSensorKit.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Text Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Time Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thermometer
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.itemCounterSensorLocationCard.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.exist.IC2NuclearControl.itemRangeUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Range Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Saw
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enderman Head
fe.protection.exist.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.wearableBucket.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Holey Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Empty Casing
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jerrycan
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Treated Stick
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Railgun
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Revolver
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shader
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.EasterEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Easter Egg
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.candyCane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Candy Cane
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.christmasTreePet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Christmas Tree Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.coalNugget.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Coal Nugget
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.diamondNugget.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.emeraldNugget.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Nugget
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.enderNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ender Nugget
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.feedBag.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Feed Bag
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.holidayCookie.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Holiday Cookie
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.ironNugget.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.itemGift.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gift
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.lapisNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Nugget
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.menorahPet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Menorah Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.mishumaaSabaPet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mishumaa Saba Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.mugEggNog.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mug of Egg Nog
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.obsidianNugget.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem1.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.petAchieveItem1.name
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem10.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.petAchieveItem10.name
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem20.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.petAchieveItem20.name
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem5.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.petAchieveItem5.name
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petAchieveItemAll.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.petAchieveItemAll.name
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petAchieveItemGeneral.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.petAchieveItemGeneral.name
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petAnvil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Anvil Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petApple.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apple Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petAprilFool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST April Fool Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petBanana.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Banana Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petBed.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bed Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petBlackHole.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Black Hole Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petBlaze.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petBrewingStand.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petCheetah.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cheetah Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petChest.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chest Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petChicken.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petCloud.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cloud Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petCow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cow Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petCraftingTable.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Table Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petCreeper.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petCustom.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Custom Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petDoubleChest.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Double Chest Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petDubstep.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dubstep Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petEnchantingTable.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enchanting Table Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petEnderChest.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ender Chest Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petEnderman.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Enderman Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petFurnace.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Furnace Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petGhast.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petGrave.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Grave Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petHeart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heart Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petHouse.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST House Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petIlluminati.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Illuminati Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petIronGolem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Golem Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petJuggernaut.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Juggernaut Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petJukebox.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Jukebox Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petLoot.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Loot Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petMagmaCube.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cube Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petMickerson.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mickerson
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petMoon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Moon Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petMooshroom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mooshroom Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petNetherPortal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Nether Portal Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petOcelot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ocelot Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petPacMan.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pac-Man Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petPig.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pig Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petPingot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pingot Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petPufferfish.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pufferfish Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petPurpliciousCow.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Purplicious Cow Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petQuantumCrystalMonster.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Crystal Monster Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petQuiver.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Quiver Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petSheep.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sheep Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petShield.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shield Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petSilverfish.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silverfish Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petSlime.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Slime Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petSnowGolem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Snow Golem Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petSpider.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Spider Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petSponge.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sponge Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petSquid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Squid Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petWither.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wither Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.petWolf.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wolf Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.politicallyCorrectPet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Politically Correct Pet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.solstice_boots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Solstice Boots
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.solstice_greaves.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Solstice Leggings
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.solstice_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Solstice Helmet
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.solstice_sword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Solstice Sword
fe.protection.exist.InventoryPets.solstice_tunic.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Solstice Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.mover.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Storage upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sticker
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.exist.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bio Fuel
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Brine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Clump
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Configuration Card
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Configurator
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Formula
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dictionary
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Electric Bow
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Energy Tablet
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Iron
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flamethrower
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Free Runners
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gas Mask
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST §8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Network Reader
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Robit
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sawdust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Tank
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Seismic Reader
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shard
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Substrate
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Teleportation Core
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hohlraum
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Solar Panel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Gold Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wood Paxel
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cartographer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crane Backpack
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crane Control
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cursor
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST /dev/null
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Epic Eraser
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST XP Bucket
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Glider Wing
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pointer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden eye
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hang Glider
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Height Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Luggage
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Paint Brush
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pedometer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Badass Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Slimalyzer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sponge
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Squeegee
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stencil
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tasty Clay
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST EEPROM
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hover Boots
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.item.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Analyzer
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Scrench
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cargo Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Batbox Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST CESU Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST MFE Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gift Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tank Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Work Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.dust.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Emblem
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cut Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Refined Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Can
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Cell
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steam Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coal Coke
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bleached Clay
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Controller Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Standard Rail
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rebar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Signal Lamp
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tie
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Disk
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Routing Table
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Electric Meter
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Signal Label
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Signal Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shears
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Biome Capsule
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Biome Painter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bloodstone
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Creative Grower
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Creative Sword
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Drop Filter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ender Letter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.filter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Block Filter
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Empty Ginto
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Flask of Poison
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Player Core
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Magnetic Force
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sound Recorder
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Boots
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Key
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spectre Sword
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spirit Binder
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Stone
fe.protection.exist.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_book.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST ReactorCraft Handbook
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_breederfuel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Breeder Reactor Fuel (0% Converted)
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_canister.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Empty Canister
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_cleanup.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Radiation Cleanup Tool (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_crafting.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Canister
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_depleted.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Depleted Uranium
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_fluorite.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Fluorite Crystal
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_fuel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_geiger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Geiger Counter
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_goggles.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Radiation Goggles
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazboots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Boots
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazchest.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Chest
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazhelmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazlegs.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Legs
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_ingots.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_ironfinder.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Magnetic Ore Finder
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_magnet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Permanent Magnet (1.000 mT)
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_oldpellet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Depleted TRISO Fuel
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_pellet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST TRISO Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_placer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Core
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_plutonium.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_raw.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hydrogen Fluoride
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_remote.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Reactor CPU Remote Control
fe.protection.exist.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_waste.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Nuclear Waste
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_advgear.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Worm Gear
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedaxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Axe
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedboots.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Boots
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedchest.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedgrafter.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Grafter
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedhelm.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Helmet
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedhoe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Hoe
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedjump.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Spring Boots
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedlegs.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Leggings
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedpack.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedpick.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedreveal.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsaw.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Handsaw
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedshears.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Shears
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedshovel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Shovel
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsickle.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Scythe
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsword.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Sword
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_borecraft.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Drill
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bucket.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lubricant Bucket
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_canola.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Canola Seeds
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_compacts.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Anthracite
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_craftpattern.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Pattern
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_customextract.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Null Ore Item
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_customingot.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Null Ore Item
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_debug.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Magic Wand
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_disk.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Music Box Record
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_engine.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST DC Electric Engine
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_enginecraft.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Impeller
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_ethanol.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Crystals
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_extracts.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Coal Ore Dust
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_fireball.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fireball Launcher (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_flamethrower.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.flamethrower (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_flywheel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wood Flywheel
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_fuel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Portable Backup Fuel Tank
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearbox.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wood 2:1 Gearbox
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearunits.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wood 2x Gear Unit
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearupgrade.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Integrated Gearbox Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_grafter.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spring-Powered Grafter (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gravelgun.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gravel Gun (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_handbook.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST RotaryCraft Handbook
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_handcraft.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Handheld Crafting Tool
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_iogoggles.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST I/O Goggles
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_jetpack.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_jump.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Spring Boots (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_key.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cannon Key
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_machine.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bedrock Breaker
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_meter.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Angular Transducer
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_minecart.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ethanol Minecart
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_misccraft.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heat Ray Barrel
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modextracts.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tin Dust
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modingots.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modinterface.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Slippery Comb
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_motion.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Motion Tracker (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_nvg.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Night Vision Goggles (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_powders.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Netherrack Dust
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_pump.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Spring-Powered Pump (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_railgun.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST RailGun Ammunition (1 kg)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_rangefinder.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Range Finder (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_screwdriver.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shaft.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wood Shaft
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shaftcraft.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Base Panel
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shell.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Explosive Shell
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_slide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Projector Slide (0)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Monster Spawner
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_spring.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wind Spring (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelaxe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelboots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelchest.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelhelmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelhoe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steellegs.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelpack.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelpick.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelshears.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Shears
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelshovel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelsickle.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Scythe
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelsword.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST HSLA Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_strongcoil.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST High-Strength Spring (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_stungun.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Knockback Gun (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_target.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST TNT Cannon Targeting Aid
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_tileselector.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tile Selector
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_ultrasound.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ultrasound (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Performance Engine Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_vacuum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Vacuum (0 kJ)
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_worldedit.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST WorldEdit Tool
fe.protection.exist.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_yeast.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Yeast
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.bandwidthupgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Item Router: Bandwidth upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.itemcamouflageupgrade.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Camouflage Device
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.itemejectupgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Item Router: Auto-Eject upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.itemfilterupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Item Router: Itemfilter upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.itemportablecraft.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Portable Crafting
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.itemrouterblock.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Item Router
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.itemthoroughupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Item Router: Thorough upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.itemwrench.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST RR Wrench
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.machineupgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Item Router: Machinefilter upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST RR Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.routerManual.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Router Reborn Manual
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.speedupgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Item Router: Speed boost upgrade
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.upgradechestadvancedeject.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Eject Advanced
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.upgradechestadvancedextract.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Extract Advanced
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.upgradechesteject.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Eject Basic
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.upgradechestextract.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Extract Basic
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.upgradechestitemfilter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Item filter Basic
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.upgradechestitemfilteradvanced.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Item filter Advanced
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.upgradechestpackager.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Packager Basic
fe.protection.exist.RouterReborn.upgradechestpackageradvanced.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Packager Advanced
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.personalKey.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Personal Key
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Concealment Key
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Packing Tape
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Drawer Key
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Template
fe.protection.exist.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Void Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Battleaxe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Battlesign
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.binding.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Binding
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blank Pattern
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Boots
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bowstring
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cleaver
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cutlass
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dagger
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Excavator
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Feather Fletching
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Frying Pan
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pan
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gear Cast
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Empty Canister
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Beef Jerky
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Knapsack
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Longsword
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lumber Axe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.materials.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Paper Stack
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mattock
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ingot Cast
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Potion Launcher
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rapier
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Scythe
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shovel
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.exist.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.exist.TMechworks.LengthWire.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Length of Wire
fe.protection.exist.TMechworks.SpoolWire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spool of Wire
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Magic Funguar
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.exist.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Node in a Jar
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Focus Pouch
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vis Stone
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Door
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Axe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Boots
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bottled Taint
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bow of Bone
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Void Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glass Phial
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Straw Golem
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Helm
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Hoe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Common Treasure
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mana Bean
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Beef Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fish Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pork Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Primal Crusher
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Research Notes
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Alumentum
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Protection
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sanity Checker
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Air Shard
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Shovel
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Blade
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Sword
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumometer
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Brain
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Air Arrow
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Cap
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.exist.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cow
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.vat.name
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incubated Egg
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Egg
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Animated Golem
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Injector
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lens Case
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Illumine Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Echo Lens
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Node Opener
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Planar Conduit
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Suicide Injection
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blood Syringe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Warded Syringe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Injection
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Putty
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Feline Amulet
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Transvector Binder
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Imbued Grain
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Potion of Aer
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Infused Seeds
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ichor
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soul Aspect
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Protoclay
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soul Mould
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.exist.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.exist.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.exist.UniDict.cratedIngotBronze.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.UniDict.cratedIngotSilver.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated null
fe.protection.exist.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.exist.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.boosterBG.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.boosterBG.name
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.infinityBoosterCard.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Booster Card
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.infinityBoosterIcon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.null.name
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.magnetCard.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magnet Card
fe.protection.exist.ae2wct.wirelessCraftingTerminal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_adamant.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Adamant Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_adamantine.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Adamantine Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_adamantium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Adamantium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_americium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Americium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_angmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Angmallen Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_antimony.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Antimony Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_anycopper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten AnyCopper Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_anyiron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten AnyIron Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_arsenic.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Arsenic Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_astralsilver.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Molten AstralSilver Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_atlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Atlarus Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_beryllium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Beryllium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_bismuth.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Bismuth Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_cadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Cadmium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_caesium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Caesium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_carmot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Carmot Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_celenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Celenegil Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_cerium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Cerium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_ceruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Ceruclase Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_chrome.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Chrome Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_darkiron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten DarkIron Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_darksteel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten DarkSteel Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_deepiron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten DeepIron Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_desh.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Molten Desh Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_draconium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Draconium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_dysprosium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Dysprosium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_electrum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Electrum Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_elntungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Molten Tungsten Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_erbium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Erbium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_europium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Europium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_eximite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Eximite Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_force.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Molten Force Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_gadolinium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Gadolinium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_gallium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Gallium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_haderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Haderoth Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_heeendium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Endium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_hepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Hepatizon Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_holmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Holmium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_indium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Indium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_infuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Molten Infuscolium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_infusedgold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Molten InfusedGold Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_inolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Inolashite Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_iridium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Iridium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_lanthanum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Lanthanum Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_lutetium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Lutetium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_magnesium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Magnesium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_manganese.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Manganese Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_meteoriciron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Molten MeteoricIron Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_midasium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Midasium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_mithril.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Mithril Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_molybdenum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Molybdenum Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_naquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Naquadah Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_naquadahenriched.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Molten NaquadahEnriched Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_naquadria.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Naquadria Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_neodymium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Neodymium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_neutronium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Neutronium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_niobium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Niobium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_orichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Orichalcum Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_osmium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Osmium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_oureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Oureclase Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_palladium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Palladium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_pigiron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten PigIron Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_plutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Plutonium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_plutonium241.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Molten Plutonium241 Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_praseodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Molten Praseodymium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_prometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Prometheum Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_promethium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Promethium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_rubidium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Rubidium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_rutile.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Rutile Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_samarium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Samarium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_sanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Sanguinite Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_scandium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Scandium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_shadow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Molten Shadow Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_shadowiron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten ShadowIron Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_silicon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Silicon Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_tantalum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Tantalum Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_tartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Tartarite Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_tellurium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Tellurium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_terbium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Terbium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_thorium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Thorium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_thulium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Thulium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_titanium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Titanium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_tritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Tritanium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_tungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Tungsten Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_uranium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Uranium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_uranium235.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molten Uranium235 Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_vanadium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molten Vanadium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_vulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Vulcanite Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_vyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Vyroxeres Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_ytterbium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Molten Ytterbium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_yttrium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Molten Yttrium Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.bottle_zinc.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Molten Zinc Bottle
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpAdamantium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Adamantium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpAmericium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Americium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpAngmallen.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Angmallen Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpAntimony.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Antimony Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpArsenic.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Arsenic Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpAstralSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST AstralSilver Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpAtlarus.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Atlarus Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpBeryllium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpBismuth.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpCadmium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cadmium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpCaesium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Caesium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpCarmot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carmot Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpCelenegil.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celenegil Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpCerium.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cerium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpCeruclase.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ceruclase Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpChrome.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chrome Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpDarkIron.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST DarkIron Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpDarkSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST DarkSteel Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpDeepIron.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST DeepIron Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpDesh.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Desh Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpDysprosium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpElectrum.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpElnTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpEndium.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Endium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpErbium.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Erbium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpEuropium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Europium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpEximite.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Eximite Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpForce.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Force Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpGadolinium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gadolinium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpGallium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gallium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpHaderoth.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Haderoth Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpHeeEndium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Endium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpHepatizon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hepatizon Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpHolmium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Holmium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpIndium.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Indium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpInfuscolium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Infuscolium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpInfusedGold.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST InfusedGold Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpInolashite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Inolashite Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpIridium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpLanthanum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lanthanum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpLithium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpLutetium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lutetium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpMagnesium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpManganese.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Manganese Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpMeteoricIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST MeteoricIron Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpMidasium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Midasium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpMolybdenum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molybdenum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpNaquadah.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Naquadah Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpNaquadahEnriched.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST NaquadahEnriched Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpNaquadria.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Naquadria Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpNeodymium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Neodymium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpNeutronium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Neutronium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpNiobium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpOrichalcum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orichalcum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpOureclase.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Oureclase Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPalladium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPigIron.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST PigIron Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPlutonium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPlutonium241.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium241 Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPraseodymium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Praseodymium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPrometheum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Prometheum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpPromethium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Promethium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpRubidium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rubidium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpRutile.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Rutile Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpSamarium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Samarium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpSanguinite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sanguinite Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpScandium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Scandium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpShadowIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ShadowIron Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpSilicon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpTantalum.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpTartarite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tartarite Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpTellurium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpTerbium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Terbium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpThorium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpThulium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thulium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpTitanium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpTritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpUranium235.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Uranium235 Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpVanadium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Vanadium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpVulcanite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Vulcanite Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpVyroxeres.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Vyroxeres Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpYtterbium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ytterbium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpYttrium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Yttrium Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clumpZinc.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Clump
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAdamant.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Adamant Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAdamantine.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Adamantine Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAdamantium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Adamantium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAmericium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Americium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAngmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Angmallen Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAntimony.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Antimony Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAnyCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native AnyCopper Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAnyIron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native AnyIron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Ardite Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterArsenic.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Arsenic Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAstralSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Native AstralSilver Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterAtlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Atlarus Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterBeryllium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Beryllium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterBismuth.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Bismuth Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterCadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Cadmium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterCaesium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Caesium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterCarmot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Carmot Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterCelenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Celenegil Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterCerium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Cerium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterCeruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Ceruclase Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterChrome.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Chrome Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Cobalt Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterDarkIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native DarkIron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterDarkSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native DarkSteel Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterDeepIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native DeepIron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterDesh.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Native Desh Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Draconium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterDysprosium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Dysprosium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterElectrum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Electrum Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Endium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterErbium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Erbium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterEuropium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Europium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterEximite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Eximite Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterForce.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Native Force Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterGadolinium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Gadolinium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterGallium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Gallium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterHaderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Haderoth Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterHeeEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Endium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterHepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Hepatizon Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterHolmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Holmium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterIndium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Indium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterInfuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Native Infuscolium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterInfusedGold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Native InfusedGold Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterInolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Inolashite Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Iridium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterLanthanum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Lanthanum Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterLithium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Lithium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterLutetium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Lutetium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterMagnesium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Magnesium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterManganese.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Manganese Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterMeteoricIron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Native MeteoricIron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterMidasium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Midasium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Mithril Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterMolybdenum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Molybdenum Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterNaquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Naquadah Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterNaquadahEnriched.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Native NaquadahEnriched Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterNaquadria.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Naquadria Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterNeodymium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Neodymium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterNeutronium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Neutronium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Nickel Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterNiobium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Niobium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterOrichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Orichalcum Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterOsmium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterOureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Oureclase Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterPalladium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Palladium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterPigIron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native PigIron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Platinum Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Plutonium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterPlutonium241.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Native Plutonium241 Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterPraseodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Native Praseodymium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterPrometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Prometheum Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterPromethium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Promethium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterRubidium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Rubidium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterRutile.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Rutile Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterSamarium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Samarium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterSanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Sanguinite Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterScandium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Scandium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Shadow Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterShadowIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native ShadowIron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterSilicon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Silicon Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterTantalum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Tantalum Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterTartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Tartarite Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterTellurium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Tellurium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterTerbium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Terbium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterThorium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Thorium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterThulium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Thulium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterTitanium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Titanium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterTritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Tritanium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterUranium235.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Native Uranium235 Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterVanadium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Vanadium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterVulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Vulcanite Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterVyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Vyroxeres Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterYtterbium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Native Ytterbium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterYttrium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Yttrium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.clusterZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Native Zinc Cluster
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedHeeEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Endium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedArdite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedDraconium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedElnTungsten.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedHeeEndium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Endium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedShadow.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedPurifiedTritanium.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crushedTritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalAdamantium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Adamantium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalAmericium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Americium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalAngmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Angmallen Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalAntimony.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Antimony Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalArsenic.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Arsenic Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalAstralSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST AstralSilver Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalAtlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Atlarus Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalBeryllium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalBismuth.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalCadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cadmium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalCaesium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Caesium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalCarmot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Carmot Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalCelenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Celenegil Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalCerium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cerium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalCeruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ceruclase Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalChrome.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chrome Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalDarkIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST DarkIron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalDarkSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST DarkSteel Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalDeepIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST DeepIron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalDesh.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Desh Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalDysprosium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalElectrum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Endium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalErbium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Erbium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalEuropium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Europium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalEximite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Eximite Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalForce.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Force Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalGadolinium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gadolinium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalGallium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gallium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalHaderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Haderoth Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalHeeEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Endium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalHepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hepatizon Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalHolmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Holmium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalIndium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Indium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalInfuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Infuscolium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalInfusedGold.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST InfusedGold Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalInolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inolashite Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalLanthanum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lanthanum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalLithium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalLutetium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lutetium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalMagnesium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalManganese.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Manganese Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalMeteoricIron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST MeteoricIron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalMidasium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Midasium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalMolybdenum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Molybdenum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalNaquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Naquadah Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalNaquadahEnriched.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST NaquadahEnriched Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalNaquadria.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Naquadria Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalNeodymium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Neodymium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalNeutronium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Neutronium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalNiobium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalOrichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Orichalcum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalOureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Oureclase Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPalladium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPigIron.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST PigIron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPlutonium241.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium241 Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPraseodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Praseodymium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPrometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Prometheum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalPromethium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Promethium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalRubidium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rubidium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalRutile.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rutile Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalSamarium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Samarium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalSanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sanguinite Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalScandium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Scandium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalShadowIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST ShadowIron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalSilicon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalTantalum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalTartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tartarite Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalTellurium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalTerbium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Terbium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalThorium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalThulium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Thulium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalTitanium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalTritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalUranium235.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Uranium235 Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalVanadium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vanadium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalVulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Vulcanite Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalVyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Vyroxeres Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalYtterbium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ytterbium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalYttrium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Yttrium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.crystalZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAdamant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Adamant Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAdamantine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Adamantine Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAdamantium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Adamantium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAluminium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAmericium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Americium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAngmallen.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Angmallen Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAntimony.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Antimony Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAnyCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty AnyCopper Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAnyIron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty AnyIron Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyArsenic.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Arsenic Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAstralSilver.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dirty AstralSilver Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyAtlarus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Atlarus Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyBeryllium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Beryllium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyBismuth.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Bismuth Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyCadmium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Cadmium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyCaesium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Caesium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyCarmot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Carmot Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyCelenegil.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Celenegil Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyCerium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Cerium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyCeruclase.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Ceruclase Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyChrome.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Chrome Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyDarkIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty DarkIron Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyDarkSteel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty DarkSteel Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyDeepIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty DeepIron Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyDesh.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Desh Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Draconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyDysprosium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyElectrum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Electrum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyElnTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Endium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyErbium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Erbium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyEuropium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Europium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyEximite.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Eximite Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyForce.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Force Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyGadolinium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Gadolinium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyGallium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Gallium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyHaderoth.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Haderoth Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyHeeEndium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Endium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyHepatizon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Hepatizon Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyHolmium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Holmium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyIndium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Indium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyInfuscolium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Infuscolium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyInfusedGold.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dirty InfusedGold Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyInolashite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Inolashite Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyIridium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Iridium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyLanthanum.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Lanthanum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyLithium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Lithium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyLutetium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Lutetium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyMagnesium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyManganese.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Manganese Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyMeteoricIron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dirty MeteoricIron Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyMidasium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Midasium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyMolybdenum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Molybdenum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadah.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Naquadah Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadahEnriched.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dirty NaquadahEnriched Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadria.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Naquadria Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyNeodymium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Neodymium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyNeutronium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Neutronium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyNiobium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Niobium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyOrichalcum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Orichalcum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyOureclase.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Oureclase Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPalladium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Palladium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPigIron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty PigIron Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPlutonium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Plutonium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPlutonium241.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Plutonium241 Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPraseodymium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Praseodymium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPrometheum.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Prometheum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyPromethium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Promethium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyRubidium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Rubidium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyRutile.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Rutile Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtySamarium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Samarium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtySanguinite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Sanguinite Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyScandium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Scandium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Shadow Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyShadowIron.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty ShadowIron Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtySilicon.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Silicon Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyTantalum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Tantalum Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyTartarite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Tartarite Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyTellurium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyTerbium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Terbium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyThorium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Thorium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyThulium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Thulium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyTitanium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Titanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyTritanium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyUranium235.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Uranium235 Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyVanadium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Vanadium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyVulcanite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Vulcanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyVyroxeres.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Vyroxeres Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyYtterbium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Ytterbium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyYttrium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Yttrium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustDirtyZinc.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustHeeEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Endium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustShadow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyArdite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyDraconium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Draconium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyElnTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyHeeEndium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Endium Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.dustTinyShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Shadow Dust
fe.protection.exist.aobd.nuggetCadmium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cadmium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.aobd.nuggetElnTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.exist.aobd.nuggetHeeEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Endium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.aobd.nuggetRutile.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rutile Nugget
fe.protection.exist.aobd.nuggetShadow.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Nugget
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAdamant.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Adamant Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAdamantine.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Adamantine Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAdamantium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Adamantium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAmericium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Americium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAngmallen.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Angmallen Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAntimony.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Antimony Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAnyCopper.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST AnyCopper Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAnyIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST AnyIron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryArdite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryArsenic.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Arsenic Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAstralSilver.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST AstralSilver Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryAtlarus.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Atlarus Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryBeryllium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryBismuth.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryCadmium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cadmium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryCaesium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Caesium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryCarmot.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carmot Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryCelenegil.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Celenegil Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryCerium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cerium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryCeruclase.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ceruclase Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryChrome.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chrome Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryCobalt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryDarkIron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST DarkIron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryDarkSteel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST DarkSteel Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryDeepIron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST DeepIron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryDesh.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Desh Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryDraconium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryDysprosium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryElectrum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryElnTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryEndium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Endium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryErbium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Erbium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryEuropium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Europium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryEximite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Eximite Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryForce.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Force Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryGadolinium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Gadolinium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryGallium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gallium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryHaderoth.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Haderoth Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryHeeEndium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Endium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryHepatizon.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hepatizon Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryHolmium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Holmium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryIndium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Indium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryInfuscolium.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Infuscolium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryInfusedGold.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST InfusedGold Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryInolashite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inolashite Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryIridium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryLanthanum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lanthanum Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryLead.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryLithium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryLutetium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lutetium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryMagnesium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryManganese.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Manganese Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryMeteoricIron.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST MeteoricIron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryMidasium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Midasium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryMithril.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryMolybdenum.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Molybdenum Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryNaquadah.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Naquadah Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryNaquadahEnriched.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST NaquadahEnriched Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryNaquadria.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Naquadria Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryNeodymium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Neodymium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryNeutronium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Neutronium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryNickel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryNiobium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryOrichalcum.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Orichalcum Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryOsmium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryOureclase.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Oureclase Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryPalladium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryPigIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST PigIron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryPlatinum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryPlutonium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryPlutonium241.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium241 Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryPraseodymium.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Praseodymium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryPrometheum.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Prometheum Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryPromethium.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Promethium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryRubidium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rubidium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryRutile.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Rutile Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberrySamarium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Samarium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberrySanguinite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sanguinite Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryScandium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Scandium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryShadowIron.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST ShadowIron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberrySilicon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberrySilver.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silver Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryTantalum.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryTartarite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tartarite Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryTellurium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryTerbium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Terbium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryThorium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryThulium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thulium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryTitanium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryTritanium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryUranium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryUranium235.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Uranium235 Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryVanadium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Vanadium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryVulcanite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vulcanite Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryVyroxeres.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vyroxeres Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryYtterbium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ytterbium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryYttrium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Yttrium Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.oreberryZinc.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardAdamantium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Adamantium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardAmericium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Americium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardAngmallen.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Angmallen Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardAntimony.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Antimony Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardArsenic.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Arsenic Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardAstralSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST AstralSilver Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardAtlarus.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Atlarus Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardBeryllium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Beryllium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardBismuth.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardCadmium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cadmium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardCaesium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Caesium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardCarmot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carmot Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardCelenegil.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celenegil Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardCerium.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cerium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardCeruclase.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ceruclase Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardChrome.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chrome Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardDarkIron.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST DarkIron Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardDarkSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST DarkSteel Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardDeepIron.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST DeepIron Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardDesh.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Desh Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Draconium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardDysprosium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dysprosium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardElectrum.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardElnTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardEndium.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Endium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardErbium.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Erbium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardEuropium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Europium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardEximite.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Eximite Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardForce.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Force Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardGadolinium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gadolinium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardGallium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gallium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardHaderoth.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Haderoth Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardHeeEndium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Endium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardHepatizon.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hepatizon Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardHolmium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Holmium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardIndium.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Indium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardInfuscolium.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Infuscolium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardInfusedGold.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST InfusedGold Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardInolashite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Inolashite Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardIridium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardLanthanum.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lanthanum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardLithium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardLutetium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lutetium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardMagnesium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardManganese.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Manganese Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardMeteoricIron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST MeteoricIron Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardMidasium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Midasium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardMolybdenum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Molybdenum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardNaquadah.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Naquadah Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardNaquadahEnriched.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST NaquadahEnriched Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardNaquadria.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Naquadria Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardNeodymium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Neodymium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardNeutronium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Neutronium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardNiobium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Niobium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardOrichalcum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orichalcum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardOureclase.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Oureclase Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPalladium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPigIron.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST PigIron Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPlutonium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPlutonium241.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Plutonium241 Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPraseodymium.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Praseodymium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPrometheum.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Prometheum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardPromethium.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Promethium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardRubidium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rubidium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardRutile.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Rutile Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardSamarium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Samarium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardSanguinite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sanguinite Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardScandium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Scandium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shadow Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardShadowIron.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ShadowIron Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardSilicon.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardTantalum.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tantalum Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardTartarite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tartarite Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardTellurium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tellurium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardTerbium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Terbium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardThorium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thorium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardThulium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thulium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardTitanium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardTritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardUranium235.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Uranium235 Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardVanadium.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Vanadium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardVulcanite.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Vulcanite Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardVyroxeres.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Vyroxeres Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardYtterbium.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ytterbium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardYttrium.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Yttrium Shard
fe.protection.exist.aobd.shardZinc.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Shard
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                            # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                            # (default: true) EXIST 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST This Item Is Disabled.
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                    # (default: true) EXIST 128³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                     # (default: true) EXIST 16³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                      # (default: true) EXIST 2³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST View Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biometric Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charged Staff
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Matter Cannon
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Memory Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Network Tool
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Portable Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.drillhead.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Drill Head
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.impulse_boots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Impulse Boots
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.wand_upgradeable.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Capped Treated Wood Wand
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.wandcap.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Wand Cap
fe.protection.exist.arcane_engineering.wandupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Vis Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainer.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerChest.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chest Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerFeet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Feet Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerHead.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Head Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerLegs.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Legs Armour Container
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.armourersHammer.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Armourers Hammer
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.blockMarker.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Block Marker
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.burnTool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Burn Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.colourNoiseTool.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Colour Noise Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.colourPicker.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Colour Picker
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.debugTool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Debug Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.dodgeTool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dodge Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.dyeBottle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dye Bottle
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkin.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Equipment Skin
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkinTemplate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Equipment Skin Template
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.guideBook.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Guide Book
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.hueTool.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hue Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.mannequinTool.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mannequin Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.paintRoller.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Paint Roller
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.paintbrush.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.shadeNoiseTool.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shade Noise Tool
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.soap.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soap
fe.protection.exist.armourersWorkshop.wandOfStyle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wand Of Style
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.backpack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Backpack
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.backpack_pouch.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Backpack Pouch
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.backpack_resizer.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Backpack Resizer
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.backpack_restorer.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Backpack Restorer
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.quantum_backpack.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Backpack
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.unknown_item.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Item
fe.protection.exist.betterbuilderswands.wandDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Wand
fe.protection.exist.betterbuilderswands.wandIron.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Wand
fe.protection.exist.betterbuilderswands.wandStone.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Wand
fe.protection.exist.betterbuilderswands.wandUnbreakable.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Unbreakable Wand
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.aspectProcessor.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST MRU == Aspect Matrix
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.aspectTransvector.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST MRU Aspect Directer
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedElementalCore.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Elemental Core
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedMagicalAlloys.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Magical Alloys
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedMagicalPlate.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Magical Plate
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.cap_inert.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST MRU Wand Cap (Inert)
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_MRUMovement.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: MRU Movement
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_ender.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: MRU Teleportation
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_fortification.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: MRU Fortification
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_lifedrain.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: MRU Lifedrain
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_light.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: MRU Lights
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_mruInfusion.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: MRU Infusion
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_sanity.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: MRU Sanity
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.gemChaos.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chaotic Gem
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.gemFrozen.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Frozen Gem
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.inertInteractor.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inert MRU Matrix Interactor
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.inkwellmru.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST MRU Powered Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.matrixInteractor.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST MRU Matrix Interactor
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.monocle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Monocle Of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.mruCap.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST MRU Wand Cap
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.pearl.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Overcharged Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.primordialCore.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Primordial MRU Core
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.shade_protector.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST SHADE Protector
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.staffRod.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST MRU Staff Rod
fe.protection.exist.essenthaum.essenthaum.wandRod.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST MRU Wand Rod
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.aFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Windy Focus
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.air_potion.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Air Potion
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.bauble.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Accessory
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.baublesCore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Portable Matrix Destructor
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.biomeWand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Biome Wand
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.boots_inq.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inquisitorium Boots
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.boots_magic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST MHS Boots
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.boots_void.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Boots
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.boots_wind.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wind Mage Boots
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.bottledWind.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bottled Wind
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.bound_gem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bound Gem
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.chaosFork.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chaos Fork
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.charm.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Charm
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.chest_inq.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Inquisitorium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.chest_magic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST MHS Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.chest_void.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.chest_wind.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wind Mage Robe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.collectedSpawner.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Monster Spawner
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.computerBoard.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Computer Guy's Antigravitational Board
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.computer_boots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Computer Guy's Boots
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.computer_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Computer Guy's Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.computer_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Computer Guy's Helmet
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.computer_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Computer Guy's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.controlRod.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Control Rod
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.craftingFrame.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Frame
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.dividerGun.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Divider's Gun
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.drops.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flame Drops
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.eFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Earthen Focus
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.elementalFuel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fire Elemental Fuel
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.elementalSword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Sword
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.elemental_axe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Axe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.elemental_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Hoe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.elemental_pick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.elemental_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Shovel
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.elemental_sword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Sword
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.ember.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Acidic Ember
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.emeraldHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Heart
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.entityEgg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Spawn Entity: MRUCU
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.essence.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fire Essence
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.mruMover1.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST MRUCU Moving Wand
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.testItem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST [DEV ONLY]
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.fFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Focus
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.frozenMace.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Frozen Mace
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.fruit_Item.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.essentialcraft:fruit_Item.name
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.genItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Combined Magical Alloys
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.gun.gatling.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gatling Gun
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.gun.pistol.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pistol
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.gun.rifle.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Assault Rifle
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.gun.sniper.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sniper Rifle
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.helm_inq.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inquisitorium Helm
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.helm_magic.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST MHS Helm
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.helm_void.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Helm
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.helm_wind.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wind Mage Hood
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.holyMace.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Holy Mace
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.imprisonedWind.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Imprisoned Wind
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.inventoryGem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Gem
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.itemFilter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Magical Inventory Node Filter
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.legs_inq.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Inquisitorium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.legs_magic.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST MHS Leggings
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.legs_void.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Void Leggings
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.legs_wind.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wind Mage Leggings
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicMonocle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Magical Monocle
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicWaterBottle.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Magical Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicalAlloy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Magmatic Alloy
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicalBuilder.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Magical Building Wand
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicalChisel.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Magical Chisel
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicalDigger.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Magical Digger
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicalLantern.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Magical Lantern
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicalPorkchop.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Magical Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicalShield.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Magical Shield
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicalSlag.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Magical Slag
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magicalWings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Magical Wings
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magmaticStaff.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Magmatic Staff
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.magnetizingStaff.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Magnetizing Staff
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.mruMatrixProjection.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST MRUMP - Empty
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.mruMover_t2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST MRUCU Moving Wand Tier 2
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.orbitalRemote.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Remote Orbital Strike
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.playerList.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Player Whitelist
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.record.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Record
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.record_a.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Record
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.record_secret.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST It's A Mystery!
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.research_book.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Research Book
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.robocalypse.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Holographic Record
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.secret.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST 410 Bus Ticket
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.shadeKnife.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST SHADE Corrupted Daggers
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.shadeSlasher.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST SHADE Corrupted Cleaver
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.shadeSword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST SHADE Corrupted Sword
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.soul.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Captured Soul - Villager
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.soulScriber.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Soul Scriber
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.soulStone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Soul Stone
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.spawnerCollector.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Spawner Collector
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.spikyShield.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spiky Buckler
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.staffOfLife.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Staff Of Life
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.storage.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soul Shard
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.titanite.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Titanite
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.twinkling_titanite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Twinkling Titanite
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wFocus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Watery Focus
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_axe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Elemental Axe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_hoe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Elemental Hoe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_pick.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Elemental Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_shovel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Elemental Shovel
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_sword.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Weakened Elemental Sword
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.windKeeper.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Trapped Wind
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.windTablet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wind Tablet
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wind_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wind Infused Boots
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wind_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wind Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_axe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wind Infused Axe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_hoe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wind Infused Hoe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_pick.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wind Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_shovel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wind Infused Shovel
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_sword.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wind Infused Sword
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wind_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wind Infused Helmet
fe.protection.exist.essentialcraft.wind_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wind Infused Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST null
fe.protection.exist.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.extracells.part.base.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.component.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Production Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Climate Control Module
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gene Sample
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Genetic Template
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Genetics Processor
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST invalid.name
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST invalid.name
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Item Import Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.Labware.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Genetics Labware
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Can
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Power Module
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Protein Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Protein Can
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.Waste.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Genetic Waste
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Double_Thoriumcell.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.GregTech_FluidDisplay.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST 
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.Thoriumcell.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.ThoriumcellDep.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.comb.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lignite Comb
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.integrated_circuit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.integrated_circuit.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.metaitem.01.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.metaitem.02.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.metaitem.02.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.metaitem.03.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.metaitem.03.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.metatool.01.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST gt.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.neutronreflector.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST gt.neutronreflector.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXDual.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorMOXDual.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorMOXQuad.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorMOXSimple.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumDual.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorUraniumDual.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorUraniumQuad.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST gt.reactorUraniumSimple.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.gt.sensorcard.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST gt.sensorcard.name
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modulararmor_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Basic Modular Armor Boots
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modulararmor_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Basic Modular Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modulararmor_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Basic Modular Armor Helmet
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modulararmor_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Basic Modular Armor Leggings
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric1_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Modular Exoskeleton Boots
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric1_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Modular Exoskeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric1_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Modular Exoskeleton Helmet
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric1_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Modular Exoskeleton Leggings
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric2_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Modular Nanosuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric2_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Modular Nanosuit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric2_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Modular Nanosuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.gregtech.modularelectric2_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Modular Nanosuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fluix Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Furnace Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hopper Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Milk
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.mo.android_pill.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Red Pill
fe.protection.exist.mo.battery.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_base.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Base
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_matter_extractor.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Matter Extractor
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_power_generator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Power Generator
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_residential.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Residential Buildings
fe.protection.exist.mo.building_ship_hangar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ship Hangar
fe.protection.exist.mo.contract.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Contract
fe.protection.exist.mo.creative_battery.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Creative Battery
fe.protection.exist.mo.creative_pattern_drive.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Creative Pattern Drive
fe.protection.exist.mo.data_pad.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Data Pad
fe.protection.exist.mo.dilithium_crystal.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dilithium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.mo.earl_gray_tea.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
fe.protection.exist.mo.emergency_ration.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Emergency Ration
fe.protection.exist.mo.energy_pack.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Pack
fe.protection.exist.mo.forcefield_emitter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Force Field Emitter
fe.protection.exist.mo.h_compensator.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Heisenberg Compensator
fe.protection.exist.mo.hc_battery.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST High Capacity Battery
fe.protection.exist.mo.integration_matrix.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Integration Matrix
fe.protection.exist.mo.ion_sniper.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ion Sniper
fe.protection.exist.mo.isolinear_circuit.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Isolinear Circuit Mk1
fe.protection.exist.mo.machine_casing.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Machine Casing
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_container.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Empty Matter Container
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_container_full.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Full Matter Container
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_dust.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Matter Dust
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_dust_refined.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Refined Matter Dust
fe.protection.exist.mo.matter_scanner.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Matter Scanner
fe.protection.exist.mo.me_conversion_matrix.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Matter-Energy Conversion Matrix
fe.protection.exist.mo.network_flash_drive.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Network Flash Drive
fe.protection.exist.mo.omni_tool.*                                                                # (default: true) EXIST Omni Tool
fe.protection.exist.mo.pattern_drive.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pattern Drive
fe.protection.exist.mo.phaser.*                                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Phaser
fe.protection.exist.mo.phaser_rifle.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Phaser Rifle
fe.protection.exist.mo.plasma_core.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Core
fe.protection.exist.mo.plasma_shotgun.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Plasma Shotgun
fe.protection.exist.mo.portable_decomposer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Portable Decomposer
fe.protection.exist.mo.romulan_ale.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Romulan Ale
fe.protection.exist.mo.rouge_android_part.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Android Head
fe.protection.exist.mo.s_magnet.*                                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Superconductor Magnet
fe.protection.exist.mo.scout_ship.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scout Ship
fe.protection.exist.mo.security_protocol.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Security Protocol
fe.protection.exist.mo.ship_colonizer.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Colonizer Ship
fe.protection.exist.mo.ship_factory.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ship Factory
fe.protection.exist.mo.sniper_scope.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sniper Scope
fe.protection.exist.mo.spacetime_equalizer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Space-Time Equalizer
fe.protection.exist.mo.transport_flash_drive.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Transport Flash Drive
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritainum_spine.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Spine
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Axe
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Boots
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_dust.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_nugget.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_plate.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Sword
fe.protection.exist.mo.tritanium_wrench.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tritanium Wrench
fe.protection.exist.mo.upgrade.*                                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Shell
fe.protection.exist.mo.weapon_handle.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Weapon Handle
fe.protection.exist.mo.weapon_module_barrel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dilithium Focusing Matrix
fe.protection.exist.mo.weapon_module_color.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Color Module (Red)
fe.protection.exist.mo.weapon_receiver.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Weapon Receiver
fe.protection.exist.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.exist.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blindness Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Button Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charged Porter
fe.protection.exist.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Clock Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Computer Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Counter Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Developers Delight
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dimension Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Template
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.exist.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.exist.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.exist.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Energy Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flight Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Haste Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Infused Diamond
fe.protection.exist.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.exist.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Machine Information Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.exist.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.exist.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Night Vision Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Orphaning Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Peace Essence
fe.protection.exist.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peaceful Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.exist.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Poison Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.exist.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Regeneration Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.exist.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST RFTools Manual
fe.protection.exist.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Saturation Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Security Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shape Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Shard Wand
fe.protection.exist.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Slowness Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Smart Wrench
fe.protection.exist.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.exist.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Speed Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.exist.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.exist.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST unknown.name
fe.protection.exist.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Syringe
fe.protection.exist.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.exist.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Text Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.exist.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.exist.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Weakness Module
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraftneiplugin.Aspect.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.itemAspect
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bloody Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bloody Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bloody Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.herobrinesScythe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scythe Of The White-Eyed One
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Aer Fragment
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pestle And Mortar
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST §eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plax Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bucket of Pyrofluid
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redlon Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Void Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Void Shears
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Knowledge Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diffusion Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.exist.witchery.arthana.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Arthana
fe.protection.exist.witchery.babashat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bark Belt
fe.protection.exist.witchery.biomenote.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Biome Beach
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Biting Belt
fe.protection.exist.witchery.boline.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Boline
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brew.water.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brewbag.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Brew Bag
fe.protection.exist.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Brew
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.exist.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.exist.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.exist.witchery.canesword.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cane Sword
fe.protection.exist.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Witches' Brews
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.exist.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Circle Talisman
fe.protection.exist.witchery.coffin.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Coffin
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Death's Hood
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Death's Footwear
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathshand.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hand of Death
fe.protection.exist.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Death's Robe
fe.protection.exist.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.exist.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lava Diviner
fe.protection.exist.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Water Diviner
fe.protection.exist.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.exist.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.exist.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Earmuffs
fe.protection.exist.witchery.garlic.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Garlic
fe.protection.exist.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Glass Goblet
fe.protection.exist.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.exist.witchery.handbow.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.exist.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Icy Slippers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.ingredient.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Candelabra
fe.protection.exist.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Twisting Band
fe.protection.exist.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.exist.witchery.louse.*                                                              # (default: true) EXIST Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mirror.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mirror
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Moon Charm
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mutator.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.exist.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mystic Branch
fe.protection.exist.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.exist.witchery.playercompass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Player Compass
fe.protection.exist.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.exist.witchery.poppet.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Poppet
fe.protection.exist.witchery.potion.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Universal Antidote
fe.protection.exist.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.exist.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.exist.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.exist.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.exist.witchery.silversword.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sword
fe.protection.exist.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spectral Stone
fe.protection.exist.witchery.stew.*                                                               # (default: true) EXIST Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.witchery.stewraw.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sun Grenade
fe.protection.exist.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Taglock Kit
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.exist.witchery.witchhand.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Witches Hand
fe.protection.exist.witchery.witchhat.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Witches' Hat
fe.protection.exist.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Witches Robes
fe.protection.exist.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.inventory.*                                                                         # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Aether
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion Flask
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Aquasalus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Offensa
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Rod
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Ash
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Axe
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Life
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Orb of Testing
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crepitous
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystallos
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Demon Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Divination Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Blaster
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Blade
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Imbued Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Incendium
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemic Router
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Key of Binding
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magicales
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanctus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tenebrae
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrae
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.inventory.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.autoHandMirror.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hungry Hand Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.avaricePearl.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.baubleEnderDisjunction.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Ender Disjunction
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.bucketMushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.bucketVishroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.creativeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thinking Cap
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.crystalBrain.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystalline Brain: Air
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.crystalEntityEye.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oculo Anima
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.crystalEye.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystalline Eye
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.edible.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercatus Amalgam
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.enchantedPaper.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Paper
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.focusCrafting.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Crafting
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.foodstuff.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Vishroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.glyph.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aqueous Admixture
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.golemLinker.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Linking Bell
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.golemWorkbenchUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Workbench Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.horizontal.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shattered Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Conflux Disc
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.netherHeart.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ember Heart
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.phialExtra.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Phial of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.shardSliver.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sliver of Air
fe.protection.inventory.Automagy.tallyLens.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tally Box Lens: Clear
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.bambooDustCray.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY dustClay
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.bambooFood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Meshi
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.bamboobasket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY BambooBasket
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.bamboobow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY BambooBow
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.bamboodough.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dough
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.bambooflour.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flour
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.bamboopickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.bamboospear.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY BambooSpear
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.bamboosword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY BambooSword
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.boiledEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY BoiledEgg
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.cookingrecipe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY CookingRecipe
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.fan.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fan
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.firecracker.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Firecracker(S)
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.huton.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Huton
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.itemFireflyBottle.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY FireflyBottle
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.itembamboo.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemBamboo
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.itembean.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bean
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.itemsack.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemSack
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.itemseaweed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.itemtomato.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.kaginawa.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kaginawa
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.kakeziku.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kakeziku
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.katana.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Katana
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.magatama.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magatama
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.obon.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obon
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.rawrice.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rawrice
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.seedrice.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Seedrice
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.seedseaweed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY SeaweedSeed
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.shavedice.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY ShavedIce(Normal)
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.slideDoor.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Husuma
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.snowball.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY SnowBall(stone)
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.straw.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Straw
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.tudura.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tudura
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.waterwheel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Waterwheel
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.windchime.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Windchime
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.windmill.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Windmill
fe.protection.inventory.BambooMod.zabuton.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cushion
fe.protection.inventory.Baubles.Ring.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Ring
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Chase
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock and Key
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Screw Gun
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reading Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Drafting Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Writing Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eternal Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Board
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Saw
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Drill
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plumb line
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Slotted Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Template
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY List
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Map Location
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Gear
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Board
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Robot
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Docking Station
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Package
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gate Copier
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Gate
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lens (Black)
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Plug
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Adapter
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.inventory.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.AdvancedAssembly.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Assembly
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.AdvancedTerrainModule.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Terrain Module
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.AtomicAssembly.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Assembly
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.AtomicBinder.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Binder
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.AtomicModule.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Module
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.BabyGrenade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Baby Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Broccoli.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.BroccoliSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Calculator.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Calculator
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.CalculatorAssembly.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Calculator Assembly
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.CalculatorScreen.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Calculator Screen
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.CircuitBoard.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.CircuitDamaged.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Damaged Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.CircuitDirty.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.CoalDust.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ControlledFuel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Controlled Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.CookedBroccoli.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Broccoli
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.CraftingCalculator.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Calculator
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ElectricAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ElectricDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ElectricHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ElectricPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ElectricShovel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ElectricSword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EndDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY End Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EndForgedAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY End Forged Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EndForgedHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY End Forged Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EndForgedPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY End Forged Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EndForgedShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY End Forged Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EndForgedSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY End Forged Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnergyModule.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Module
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnrichedCoal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Coal
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnrichedGold.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Gold
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnrichedGoldAxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Gold Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnrichedGoldHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Gold Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnrichedGoldIngot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnrichedGoldPickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Gold Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnrichedGoldShovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Gold Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.EnrichedGoldSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Gold Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FiddledewFruit.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiddledew Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FireCoal.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Coal
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FireDiamondAxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FireDiamondHoe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FireDiamondPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FireDiamondShovel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FireDiamondSword.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FlawlessCalculator.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flawless Calculator
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FlawlessDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Flawless Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondAxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flawless Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondHoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flawless Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flawless Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondShovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flawless Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondSword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flawless Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.FlawlessFireDiamond.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Grenade.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.GrenadeCasing.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grenade Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.HealthModule.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Health Module
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.HungerModule.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunger Module
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.InfoCalculator.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Info Calculator
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.LargeTanzanite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Tanzanite
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Large_Amethyst.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.LocatorModule.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Locator Module
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.NutritionModule.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutrition Module
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ObsidianKey.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Key
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Pear.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.PrunaeSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Prunae Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.PurifiedCoal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Coal
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.RedstoneHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.RedstoneIngot.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.RedstonePickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.RedstoneShovel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.RedstoneSword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.RedstonedAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedAxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedHoe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedIronAxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedIronHoe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedIronIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedIronPickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedIronShovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedIronSword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedPickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedShovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ReinforcedSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.RottenPear.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Pear
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ScientificCalculator.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Scientific Calculator
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.ShardTanzanite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tanzanite Shard
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Shard_Amethyst.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst Shard
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Sickle.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.SmallStone.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Stone
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.SmallTanzanite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tanzanite
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Small_Amethyst.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Soil.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Soil
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.StorageModule.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.TerrainModule.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Terrain Module
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.VoidUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.WeakenedDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondAxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondHoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondShovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondSword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Calculator.Wrench.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.antidote.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Antidote
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.defuser.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Defuser
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.grenade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Conventional Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.laserDesignator.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Laser Designator
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Explosive Cart
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.missile.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Conventional Missile
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.poisonPowder.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Poison Powder
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.radarGun.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Radar Gun
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.remoteDetonator.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Detonator
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.rocketLauncher.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.signalDisrupter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Disrupter
fe.protection.inventory.DefenseTech.tracker.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tracker
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn 
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaos Shard
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaotic Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Comet
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Axe
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Bow
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Helm
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Sword
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Heart
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Key
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Dislocator
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mob Soul
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Focus
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY TCLogo
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Binder
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.inventory.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_battery.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_book.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY ElectriCraft Handbook
fe.protection.inventory.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_crafting.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Dust
fe.protection.inventory.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_crystal.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_eubattery.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY EU Storage Battery (RBSU)
fe.protection.inventory.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_ingots.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_placer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY electri.wire
fe.protection.inventory.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_rfbattery.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY RF Storage Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_wire.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Wire
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.Copper_Axe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.Copper_Boots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.Copper_Chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.Copper_Helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.Copper_Hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.Copper_Leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.Copper_Pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.Copper_Shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.Copper_Sword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Boots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY E-Coal Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY E-Coal Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY E-Coal Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY E-Coal Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.sharedItem.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY .name
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.Eln.sharedItemStackOne.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY .name
fe.protection.inventory.Eln.eln.itemCreativeTab.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.eln:elncreativetab.name
fe.protection.inventory.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_item_bluewire.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Wire
fe.protection.inventory.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_item_placer.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Update Detector
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Angel Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Healing Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Division Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Etheric Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Glove
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Lasso
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Heating Coil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kikoku
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ERR
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul fragment
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Precision Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Watering Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ambrosia
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apatite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apatite
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ash.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Comb
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Drone
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Princess
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Beealyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.beverage.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canIce.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canLava.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canMead.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canOil.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.canWater.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Can
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.carton.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Carton
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Catalogue
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.crate.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crate
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Compost
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Untreated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.fruits.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.grafter.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Habitat Locator
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Drop
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Pot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeydew
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Imprinter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.infuser.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Infuser
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel Kit
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.letters.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Letter
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.mulch.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mulch
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectacles
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.peat.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Peat
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Phosphor
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pipette.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipette
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pollen.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.propolis.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Wax
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.sapling.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.scoop.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Scoop
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ???
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soldering Iron
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.stamps.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Treealyzer
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Juice Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Cast
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Pulp
fe.protection.inventory.Forestry.wrench.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unnamed
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.adventurers_diary.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventurer's Diary
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.altar_nexus.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Altar Nexus
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.arcane_shard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Shard
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.auricion.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Auricion
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_compass.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Compass
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.blank_gem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Gem
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.bucket_ender_goo.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Goo Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Power
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm_pouch.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Curse of Teleportation
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse_amulet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Curse Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dry_splinter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dry Splinter
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY End Powder
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderman Head
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ingot.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endoplasm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ectoplasm
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Wand
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand_core.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Wand Core
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Enhanced Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_ender_pearl.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Essence
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.exp_bottle_consistent.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.fire_shard.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Infernium
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ghost_amulet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghost Amulet (Impure)
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Igneous Rock
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.infestation_remedy.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Infestation Remedy
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Instability Orb
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.item_special_effects.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemNumber.name
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.knowledge_note.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Knowledge Note
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.living_matter.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Living Matter
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.music_disk.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_fragment.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_rod.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_instability.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion of Instability
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_purity.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion of Purity
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.rune.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Rune of Power
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.schorching_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scorching Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.silverfish_blood.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Silverfish Blood
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spatial_dash_gem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spatial Dash Gem
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spawn_eggs.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Angry Enderman
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spectral_tear.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectral Tear
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stardust
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_caller.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Temple Caller
fe.protection.inventory.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transference_gem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Transference Gem
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Refined Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Composite Vest
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY BatPack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energypack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Chaff
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCable.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydration Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Beans
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Credit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Containment Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Item
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Door
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDust.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Sprayer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plantball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Grin Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Resin
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemHops.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hops
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lathing Tool
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Zero
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cold Coffee
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Mug
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Saber
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Powder
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Ball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Chunk
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Plate
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Coil
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY OD Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY OV Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrap Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Slag
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Static Boots
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Turbine
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Wart
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Drill
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY EU-Reader
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Laser
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Painter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tool Box
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 235
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 238
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Weed
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Weed-EX
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Memory
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.obscurator.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obscurator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IC2.windmeter.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Windmeter
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemCounterSensorKit.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Text Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Time Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.itemCounterSensorLocationCard.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.inventory.IC2NuclearControl.itemRangeUpgrade.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Range Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Saw
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderman Head
fe.protection.inventory.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.wearableBucket.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Holey Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Casing
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jerrycan
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Treated Stick
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Railgun
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Revolver
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shader
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.EasterEgg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Easter Egg
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.candyCane.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Candy Cane
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.christmasTreePet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Christmas Tree Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.coalNugget.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.diamondNugget.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.emeraldNugget.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.enderNugget.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.feedBag.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Feed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.holidayCookie.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Holiday Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.ironNugget.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.itemGift.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gift
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.lapisNugget.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.menorahPet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Menorah Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.mishumaaSabaPet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mishumaa Saba Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.mugEggNog.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mug of Egg Nog
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.obsidianNugget.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem1.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.petAchieveItem1.name
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem10.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.petAchieveItem10.name
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem20.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.petAchieveItem20.name
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem5.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.petAchieveItem5.name
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petAchieveItemAll.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.petAchieveItemAll.name
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petAchieveItemGeneral.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.petAchieveItemGeneral.name
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petAnvil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Anvil Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petApple.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petAprilFool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY April Fool Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petBanana.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petBed.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petBlackHole.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Hole Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petBlaze.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petBrewingStand.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petCheetah.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheetah Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petChest.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petChicken.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petCloud.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloud Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petCow.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petCraftingTable.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Table Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petCreeper.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petCustom.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Custom Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petDoubleChest.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Double Chest Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petDubstep.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dubstep Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petEnchantingTable.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanting Table Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petEnderChest.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Chest Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petEnderman.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderman Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petFurnace.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petGhast.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petGrave.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grave Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petHeart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heart Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petHouse.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY House Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petIlluminati.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Illuminati Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petIronGolem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Golem Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petJuggernaut.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Juggernaut Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petJukebox.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Jukebox Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petLoot.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Loot Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petMagmaCube.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cube Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petMickerson.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mickerson
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petMoon.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Moon Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petMooshroom.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mooshroom Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petNetherPortal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Portal Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petOcelot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ocelot Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petPacMan.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pac-Man Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petPig.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petPingot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pingot Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petPufferfish.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pufferfish Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petPurpliciousCow.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purplicious Cow Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petQuantumCrystalMonster.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Crystal Monster Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petQuiver.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Quiver Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petSheep.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sheep Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petShield.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petSilverfish.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silverfish Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petSlime.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petSnowGolem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Snow Golem Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petSpider.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petSponge.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sponge Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petSquid.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Squid Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petWither.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.petWolf.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wolf Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.politicallyCorrectPet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Politically Correct Pet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.solstice_boots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Solstice Boots
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.solstice_greaves.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Solstice Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.solstice_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Solstice Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.solstice_sword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Solstice Sword
fe.protection.inventory.InventoryPets.solstice_tunic.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Solstice Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.hammer.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.mover.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticker
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Brine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Configuration Card
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Configurator
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Formula
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dictionary
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Iron
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flamethrower
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Free Runners
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Mask
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Reader
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Robit
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sawdust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Tank
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Seismic Reader
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Substrate
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleportation Core
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hohlraum
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Panel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cartographer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Control
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursor
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY /dev/null
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Eraser
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY XP Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Glider Wing
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pointer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden eye
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hang Glider
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Height Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Luggage
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Brush
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pedometer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Badass Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sponge
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Squeegee
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stencil
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tasty Clay
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY EEPROM
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hover Boots
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.item.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Analyzer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrench
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cargo Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Batbox Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY CESU Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY MFE Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gift Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tank Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Work Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.dust.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Emblem
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cut Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Can
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Cell
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Coke
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bleached Clay
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Controller Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Rail
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rebar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tie
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Disk
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Routing Table
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Meter
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Label
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Painter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodstone
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Grower
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Drop Filter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Letter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.filter.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Filter
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Ginto
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Flask of Poison
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Core
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnetic Force
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sound Recorder
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Boots
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Key
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectre Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spirit Binder
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Stone
fe.protection.inventory.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_book.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY ReactorCraft Handbook
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_breederfuel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Breeder Reactor Fuel (0% Converted)
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_bucket.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_canister.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Canister
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_cleanup.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Radiation Cleanup Tool (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_crafting.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Canister
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_depleted.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Depleted Uranium
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_fluorite.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Fluorite Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_fuel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_geiger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Geiger Counter
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_goggles.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Radiation Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazboots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazchest.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Chest
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazhelmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazlegs.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Legs
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_ingots.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_ironfinder.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnetic Ore Finder
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_magnet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Permanent Magnet (1.000 mT)
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_oldpellet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Depleted TRISO Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_pellet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY TRISO Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_placer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Core
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_plutonium.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_raw.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydrogen Fluoride
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_remote.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor CPU Remote Control
fe.protection.inventory.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_waste.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Nuclear Waste
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_advgear.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Worm Gear
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedaxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Axe
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedboots.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Boots
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedchest.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedgrafter.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedhelm.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedhoe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedjump.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Spring Boots
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedlegs.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedpack.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedpick.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedreveal.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsaw.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Handsaw
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedshears.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Shears
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedshovel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsickle.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsword.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_borecraft.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Drill
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bucket.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lubricant Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_canola.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Canola Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_compacts.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Anthracite
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_craftpattern.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_customextract.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Null Ore Item
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_customingot.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Null Ore Item
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_debug.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Wand
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_disk.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Box Record
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_engine.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY DC Electric Engine
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_enginecraft.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Impeller
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_ethanol.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Crystals
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_extracts.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Ore Dust
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_fireball.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fireball Launcher (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_flamethrower.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.flamethrower (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_flywheel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Flywheel
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_fuel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Backup Fuel Tank
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearbox.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood 2:1 Gearbox
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearunits.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood 2x Gear Unit
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearupgrade.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Integrated Gearbox Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_grafter.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spring-Powered Grafter (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gravelgun.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gravel Gun (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_handbook.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY RotaryCraft Handbook
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_handcraft.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Handheld Crafting Tool
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_iogoggles.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY I/O Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_jetpack.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_jump.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Spring Boots (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_key.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cannon Key
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_machine.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrock Breaker
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_meter.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Angular Transducer
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_minecart.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethanol Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_misccraft.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Ray Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modextracts.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Dust
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modingots.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modinterface.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Slippery Comb
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_motion.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Motion Tracker (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_nvg.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Night Vision Goggles (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_powders.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Netherrack Dust
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_pump.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Spring-Powered Pump (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_railgun.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY RailGun Ammunition (1 kg)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_rangefinder.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Range Finder (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_screwdriver.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shaft.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Shaft
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shaftcraft.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Base Panel
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shell.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Explosive Shell
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_slide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Projector Slide (0)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Monster Spawner
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_spring.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Spring (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelaxe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelboots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelchest.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelhelmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelhoe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steellegs.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelpack.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelpick.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelshears.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelshovel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelsickle.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelsword.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY HSLA Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_strongcoil.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY High-Strength Spring (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_stungun.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Knockback Gun (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_target.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY TNT Cannon Targeting Aid
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_tileselector.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tile Selector
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_ultrasound.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultrasound (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Performance Engine Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_vacuum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vacuum (0 kJ)
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_worldedit.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY WorldEdit Tool
fe.protection.inventory.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_yeast.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeast
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.bandwidthupgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Router: Bandwidth upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.itemcamouflageupgrade.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Camouflage Device
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.itemejectupgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Router: Auto-Eject upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.itemfilterupgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Router: Itemfilter upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.itemportablecraft.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Crafting
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.itemrouterblock.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Router
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.itemthoroughupgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Router: Thorough upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.itemwrench.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY RR Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.machineupgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Router: Machinefilter upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY RR Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.routerManual.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Router Reborn Manual
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.speedupgrade.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Router: Speed boost upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.upgradechestadvancedeject.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Eject Advanced
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.upgradechestadvancedextract.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Extract Advanced
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.upgradechesteject.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Eject Basic
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.upgradechestextract.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Extract Basic
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.upgradechestitemfilter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Item filter Basic
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.upgradechestitemfilteradvanced.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Item filter Advanced
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.upgradechestpackager.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Packager Basic
fe.protection.inventory.RouterReborn.upgradechestpackageradvanced.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Packager Advanced
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.personalKey.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Key
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Concealment Key
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Packing Tape
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Drawer Key
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Template
fe.protection.inventory.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Battleaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Battlesign
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.binding.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Binding
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowstring
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cleaver
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutlass
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Fletching
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Frying Pan
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pan
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gear Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Canister
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Knapsack
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Longsword
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumber Axe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.materials.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper Stack
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mattock
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ingot Cast
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.inventory.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.inventory.TMechworks.LengthWire.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Length of Wire
fe.protection.inventory.TMechworks.SpoolWire.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spool of Wire
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Funguar
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.inventory.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Node in a Jar
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Focus Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Stone
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Door
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Axe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottled Taint
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow of Bone
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Phial
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Straw Golem
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Helm
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Treasure
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Bean
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Primal Crusher
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Notes
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumentum
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Protection
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanity Checker
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Shard
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumometer
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Brain
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Cap
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.inventory.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.vat.name
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incubated Egg
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Egg
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Animated Golem
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Injector
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lens Case
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Illumine Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Echo Lens
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Node Opener
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Planar Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Suicide Injection
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Warded Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Injection
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Putty
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Feline Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Transvector Binder
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Imbued Grain
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion of Aer
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichor
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Aspect
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Protoclay
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Mould
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.inventory.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.UniDict.cratedIngotBronze.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.UniDict.cratedIngotSilver.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated null
fe.protection.inventory.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.inventory.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.boosterBG.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.boosterBG.name
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.infinityBoosterCard.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Booster Card
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.infinityBoosterIcon.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.null.name
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.magnetCard.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnet Card
fe.protection.inventory.ae2wct.wirelessCraftingTerminal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_adamant.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Adamant Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_adamantine.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Adamantine Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_adamantium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Adamantium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_americium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Americium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_angmallen.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Angmallen Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_antimony.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Antimony Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_anycopper.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten AnyCopper Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_anyiron.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten AnyIron Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_arsenic.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Arsenic Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_astralsilver.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten AstralSilver Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_atlarus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Atlarus Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_beryllium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Beryllium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_bismuth.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Bismuth Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_cadmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Cadmium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_caesium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Caesium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_carmot.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Carmot Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_celenegil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Celenegil Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_cerium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Cerium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_ceruclase.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Ceruclase Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_chrome.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Chrome Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_darkiron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten DarkIron Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_darksteel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten DarkSteel Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_deepiron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten DeepIron Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_desh.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Desh Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_draconium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Draconium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_dysprosium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Dysprosium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_electrum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Electrum Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_elntungsten.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Tungsten Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_erbium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Erbium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_europium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Europium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_eximite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Eximite Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_force.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Force Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_gadolinium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Gadolinium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_gallium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Gallium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_haderoth.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Haderoth Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_heeendium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Endium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_hepatizon.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Hepatizon Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_holmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Holmium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_indium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Indium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_infuscolium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Infuscolium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_infusedgold.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten InfusedGold Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_inolashite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Inolashite Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_iridium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Iridium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_lanthanum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Lanthanum Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_lutetium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Lutetium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_magnesium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Magnesium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_manganese.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Manganese Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_meteoriciron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten MeteoricIron Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_midasium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Midasium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_mithril.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Mithril Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_molybdenum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Molybdenum Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_naquadah.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Naquadah Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_naquadahenriched.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten NaquadahEnriched Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_naquadria.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Naquadria Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_neodymium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Neodymium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_neutronium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Neutronium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_niobium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Niobium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_orichalcum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Orichalcum Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_osmium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Osmium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_oureclase.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Oureclase Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_palladium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Palladium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_pigiron.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten PigIron Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_plutonium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Plutonium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_plutonium241.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Plutonium241 Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_praseodymium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Praseodymium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_prometheum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Prometheum Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_promethium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Promethium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_rubidium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Rubidium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_rutile.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Rutile Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_samarium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Samarium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_sanguinite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Sanguinite Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_scandium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Scandium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_shadow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Shadow Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_shadowiron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten ShadowIron Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_silicon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Silicon Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_tantalum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Tantalum Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_tartarite.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Tartarite Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_tellurium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Tellurium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_terbium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Terbium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_thorium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Thorium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_thulium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Thulium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_titanium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Titanium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_tritanium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Tritanium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_tungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Tungsten Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_uranium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Uranium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_uranium235.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Uranium235 Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_vanadium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Vanadium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_vulcanite.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Vulcanite Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_vyroxeres.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Vyroxeres Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_ytterbium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Ytterbium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_yttrium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Yttrium Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.bottle_zinc.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Molten Zinc Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpAdamantium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Adamantium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpAluminium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpAmericium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Americium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpAngmallen.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Angmallen Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpAntimony.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Antimony Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpArsenic.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Arsenic Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpAstralSilver.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY AstralSilver Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpAtlarus.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlarus Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpBeryllium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpBismuth.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpCadmium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cadmium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpCaesium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Caesium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpCarmot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carmot Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpCelenegil.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celenegil Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpCerium.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cerium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpCeruclase.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceruclase Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpChrome.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chrome Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpDarkIron.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY DarkIron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpDarkSteel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY DarkSteel Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpDeepIron.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY DeepIron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpDesh.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpDysprosium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpElectrum.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpElnTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpErbium.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Erbium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpEuropium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Europium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpEximite.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Eximite Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpForce.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Force Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpGadolinium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gadolinium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpGallium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gallium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpHaderoth.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Haderoth Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpHeeEndium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpHepatizon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hepatizon Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpHolmium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Holmium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpIndium.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Indium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpInfuscolium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Infuscolium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpInfusedGold.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY InfusedGold Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpInolashite.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Inolashite Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpIridium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpLanthanum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lanthanum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpLithium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpLutetium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lutetium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpMagnesium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpManganese.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Manganese Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpMeteoricIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY MeteoricIron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpMidasium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Midasium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpMolybdenum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molybdenum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpNaquadah.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadah Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpNaquadahEnriched.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY NaquadahEnriched Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpNaquadria.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadria Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpNeodymium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Neodymium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpNeutronium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutronium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpNiobium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpOrichalcum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orichalcum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpOureclase.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Oureclase Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPalladium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPigIron.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY PigIron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPlutonium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPlutonium241.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium241 Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPraseodymium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Praseodymium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPrometheum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Prometheum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpPromethium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Promethium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpRubidium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubidium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpRutile.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutile Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpSamarium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Samarium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpSanguinite.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguinite Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpScandium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Scandium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpShadowIron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ShadowIron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpSilicon.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpTantalum.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpTartarite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tartarite Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpTellurium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpTerbium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Terbium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpThorium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpThulium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thulium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpTitanium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpTritanium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpUranium235.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium235 Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpVanadium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanadium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpVulcanite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vulcanite Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpVyroxeres.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vyroxeres Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpYtterbium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ytterbium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpYttrium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yttrium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clumpZinc.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Clump
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAdamant.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Adamant Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAdamantine.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Adamantine Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAdamantium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Adamantium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAluminium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAmericium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Americium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAngmallen.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Angmallen Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAntimony.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Antimony Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAnyCopper.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native AnyCopper Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAnyIron.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native AnyIron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterArdite.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Ardite Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterArsenic.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Arsenic Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAstralSilver.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Native AstralSilver Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterAtlarus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Atlarus Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterBeryllium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Beryllium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterBismuth.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Bismuth Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterCadmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Cadmium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterCaesium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Caesium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterCarmot.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Carmot Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterCelenegil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Celenegil Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterCerium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Cerium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterCeruclase.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Ceruclase Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterChrome.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Chrome Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterCobalt.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Cobalt Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterDarkIron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native DarkIron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterDarkSteel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native DarkSteel Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterDeepIron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native DeepIron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterDesh.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Desh Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterDraconium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Draconium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterDysprosium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Dysprosium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterElectrum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Electrum Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterElnTungsten.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterEndium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Endium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterErbium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Erbium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterEuropium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Europium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterEximite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Eximite Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterForce.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Force Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterGadolinium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Gadolinium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterGallium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Gallium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterHaderoth.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Haderoth Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterHeeEndium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Endium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterHepatizon.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Hepatizon Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterHolmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Holmium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterIndium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Indium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterInfuscolium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Infuscolium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterInfusedGold.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Native InfusedGold Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterInolashite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Inolashite Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterIridium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Iridium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterLanthanum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Lanthanum Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterLithium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Lithium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterLutetium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Lutetium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterMagnesium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Magnesium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterManganese.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Manganese Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterMeteoricIron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Native MeteoricIron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterMidasium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Midasium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterMithril.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Mithril Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterMolybdenum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Molybdenum Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterNaquadah.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Naquadah Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterNaquadahEnriched.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Native NaquadahEnriched Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterNaquadria.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Naquadria Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterNeodymium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Neodymium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterNeutronium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Neutronium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterNickel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Nickel Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterNiobium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Niobium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterOrichalcum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Orichalcum Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterOsmium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterOureclase.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Oureclase Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterPalladium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Palladium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterPigIron.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native PigIron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterPlatinum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Platinum Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterPlutonium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Plutonium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterPlutonium241.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Plutonium241 Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterPraseodymium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Praseodymium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterPrometheum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Prometheum Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterPromethium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Promethium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterRubidium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Rubidium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterRutile.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Rutile Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterSamarium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Samarium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterSanguinite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Sanguinite Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterScandium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Scandium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterShadow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Shadow Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterShadowIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native ShadowIron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterSilicon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Silicon Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterTantalum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Tantalum Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterTartarite.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Tartarite Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterTellurium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Tellurium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterTerbium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Terbium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterThorium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Thorium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterThulium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Thulium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterTitanium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Titanium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterTritanium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Tritanium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterUranium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterUranium235.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Uranium235 Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterVanadium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Vanadium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterVulcanite.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Vulcanite Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterVyroxeres.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Vyroxeres Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterYtterbium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Ytterbium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterYttrium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Yttrium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.clusterZinc.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Zinc Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedArdite.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedDraconium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedElnTungsten.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedHeeEndium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Endium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedArdite.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedDraconium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedElnTungsten.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedHeeEndium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Endium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedShadow.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedPurifiedTritanium.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedShadow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crushedTritanium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalAdamantium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Adamantium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalAluminium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalAmericium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Americium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalAngmallen.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Angmallen Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalAntimony.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Antimony Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalArdite.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalArsenic.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Arsenic Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalAstralSilver.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY AstralSilver Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalAtlarus.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlarus Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalBeryllium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalBismuth.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalCadmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cadmium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalCaesium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Caesium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalCarmot.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Carmot Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalCelenegil.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Celenegil Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalCerium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cerium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalCeruclase.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceruclase Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalChrome.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chrome Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalCobalt.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalDarkIron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY DarkIron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalDarkSteel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY DarkSteel Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalDeepIron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY DeepIron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalDesh.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalDraconium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalDysprosium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalElectrum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalElnTungsten.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalEndium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalErbium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Erbium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalEuropium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Europium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalEximite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Eximite Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalForce.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Force Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalGadolinium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gadolinium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalGallium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gallium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalHaderoth.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Haderoth Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalHeeEndium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalHepatizon.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hepatizon Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalHolmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Holmium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalIndium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Indium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalInfuscolium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Infuscolium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalInfusedGold.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY InfusedGold Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalInolashite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inolashite Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalIridium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalLanthanum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lanthanum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalLithium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalLutetium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lutetium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalMagnesium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalManganese.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Manganese Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalMeteoricIron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY MeteoricIron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalMidasium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Midasium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalMolybdenum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Molybdenum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalNaquadah.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadah Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalNaquadahEnriched.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY NaquadahEnriched Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalNaquadria.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadria Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalNeodymium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Neodymium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalNeutronium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutronium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalNiobium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalOrichalcum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Orichalcum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalOureclase.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Oureclase Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPalladium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPigIron.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY PigIron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPlutonium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPlutonium241.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium241 Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPraseodymium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Praseodymium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPrometheum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Prometheum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalPromethium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Promethium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalRubidium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubidium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalRutile.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutile Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalSamarium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Samarium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalSanguinite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguinite Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalScandium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scandium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalShadow.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalShadowIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ShadowIron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalSilicon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalTantalum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalTartarite.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tartarite Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalTellurium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalTerbium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Terbium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalThorium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalThulium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Thulium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalTitanium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalTritanium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalTungsten.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalUranium235.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium235 Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalVanadium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanadium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalVulcanite.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Vulcanite Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalVyroxeres.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Vyroxeres Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalYtterbium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ytterbium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalYttrium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Yttrium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.crystalZinc.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAdamant.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Adamant Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAdamantine.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Adamantine Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAdamantium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Adamantium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAluminium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAmericium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Americium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAngmallen.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Angmallen Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAntimony.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Antimony Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAnyCopper.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty AnyCopper Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAnyIron.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty AnyIron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyArdite.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyArsenic.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Arsenic Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAstralSilver.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty AstralSilver Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyAtlarus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Atlarus Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyBeryllium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Beryllium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyBismuth.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Bismuth Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyCadmium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Cadmium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyCaesium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Caesium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyCarmot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Carmot Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyCelenegil.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Celenegil Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyCerium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Cerium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyCeruclase.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Ceruclase Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyChrome.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Chrome Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyCobalt.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyDarkIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty DarkIron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyDarkSteel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty DarkSteel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyDeepIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty DeepIron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyDesh.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Desh Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyDraconium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Draconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyDysprosium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyElectrum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Electrum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyElnTungsten.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyEndium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Endium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyErbium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Erbium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyEuropium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Europium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyEximite.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Eximite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyForce.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Force Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyGadolinium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Gadolinium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyGallium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Gallium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyHaderoth.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Haderoth Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyHeeEndium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Endium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyHepatizon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Hepatizon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyHolmium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Holmium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyIndium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Indium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyInfuscolium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Infuscolium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyInfusedGold.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty InfusedGold Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyInolashite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Inolashite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyIridium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Iridium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyLanthanum.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Lanthanum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyLithium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Lithium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyLutetium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Lutetium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyMagnesium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyManganese.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Manganese Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyMeteoricIron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty MeteoricIron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyMidasium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Midasium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyMolybdenum.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Molybdenum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadah.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Naquadah Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadahEnriched.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty NaquadahEnriched Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadria.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Naquadria Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyNeodymium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Neodymium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyNeutronium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Neutronium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyNiobium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Niobium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyOrichalcum.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Orichalcum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyOureclase.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Oureclase Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPalladium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Palladium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPigIron.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty PigIron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPlutonium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Plutonium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPlutonium241.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Plutonium241 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPraseodymium.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Praseodymium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPrometheum.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Prometheum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyPromethium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Promethium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyRubidium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Rubidium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyRutile.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Rutile Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtySamarium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Samarium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtySanguinite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Sanguinite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyScandium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Scandium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyShadow.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Shadow Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyShadowIron.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty ShadowIron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtySilicon.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Silicon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyTantalum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Tantalum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyTartarite.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Tartarite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyTellurium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyTerbium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Terbium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyThorium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Thorium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyThulium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Thulium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyTitanium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Titanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyTritanium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyTungsten.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyUranium235.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Uranium235 Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyVanadium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Vanadium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyVulcanite.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Vulcanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyVyroxeres.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Vyroxeres Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyYtterbium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Ytterbium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyYttrium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Yttrium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustDirtyZinc.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustHeeEndium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustShadow.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyArdite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyDraconium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Draconium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyElnTungsten.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyHeeEndium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Endium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.dustTinyShadow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Shadow Dust
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.nuggetCadmium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cadmium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.nuggetElnTungsten.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.nuggetHeeEndium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.nuggetRutile.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutile Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.nuggetShadow.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAdamant.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Adamant Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAdamantine.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Adamantine Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAdamantium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Adamantium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAmericium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Americium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAngmallen.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Angmallen Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAntimony.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Antimony Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAnyCopper.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY AnyCopper Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAnyIron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY AnyIron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryArdite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryArsenic.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Arsenic Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAstralSilver.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY AstralSilver Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryAtlarus.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlarus Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryBeryllium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryBismuth.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryCadmium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cadmium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryCaesium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Caesium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryCarmot.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carmot Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryCelenegil.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Celenegil Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryCerium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cerium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryCeruclase.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceruclase Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryChrome.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chrome Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryCobalt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryDarkIron.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY DarkIron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryDarkSteel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY DarkSteel Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryDeepIron.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY DeepIron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryDesh.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryDraconium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryDysprosium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryElectrum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryElnTungsten.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryEndium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryErbium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Erbium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryEuropium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Europium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryEximite.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Eximite Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryForce.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Force Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryGadolinium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gadolinium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryGallium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gallium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryHaderoth.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Haderoth Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryHeeEndium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryHepatizon.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hepatizon Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryHolmium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Holmium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryIndium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Indium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryInfuscolium.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Infuscolium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryInfusedGold.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY InfusedGold Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryInolashite.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inolashite Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryIridium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryLanthanum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lanthanum Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryLead.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryLithium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryLutetium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lutetium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryMagnesium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryManganese.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Manganese Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryMeteoricIron.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY MeteoricIron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryMidasium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Midasium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryMithril.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryMolybdenum.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Molybdenum Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryNaquadah.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadah Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryNaquadahEnriched.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY NaquadahEnriched Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryNaquadria.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadria Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryNeodymium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Neodymium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryNeutronium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutronium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryNickel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryNiobium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryOrichalcum.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Orichalcum Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryOsmium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryOureclase.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Oureclase Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryPalladium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryPigIron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY PigIron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryPlatinum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryPlutonium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryPlutonium241.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium241 Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryPraseodymium.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Praseodymium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryPrometheum.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Prometheum Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryPromethium.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Promethium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryRubidium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubidium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryRutile.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutile Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberrySamarium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Samarium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberrySanguinite.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguinite Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryScandium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Scandium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryShadow.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryShadowIron.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ShadowIron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberrySilicon.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberrySilver.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryTantalum.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryTartarite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tartarite Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryTellurium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryTerbium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Terbium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryThorium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryThulium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thulium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryTitanium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryTritanium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryUranium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryUranium235.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium235 Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryVanadium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanadium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryVulcanite.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vulcanite Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryVyroxeres.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vyroxeres Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryYtterbium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ytterbium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryYttrium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yttrium Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.oreberryZinc.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardAdamantium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Adamantium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardAluminium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardAmericium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Americium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardAngmallen.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Angmallen Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardAntimony.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Antimony Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardArdite.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardArsenic.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Arsenic Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardAstralSilver.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY AstralSilver Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardAtlarus.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlarus Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardBeryllium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beryllium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardBismuth.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardCadmium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cadmium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardCaesium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Caesium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardCarmot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carmot Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardCelenegil.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celenegil Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardCerium.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cerium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardCeruclase.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceruclase Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardChrome.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chrome Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardCobalt.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardDarkIron.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY DarkIron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardDarkSteel.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY DarkSteel Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardDeepIron.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY DeepIron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardDesh.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardDraconium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Draconium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardDysprosium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dysprosium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardElectrum.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardElnTungsten.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardErbium.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Erbium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardEuropium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Europium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardEximite.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Eximite Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardForce.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Force Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardGadolinium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gadolinium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardGallium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gallium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardHaderoth.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Haderoth Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardHeeEndium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Endium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardHepatizon.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hepatizon Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardHolmium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Holmium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardIndium.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Indium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardInfuscolium.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Infuscolium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardInfusedGold.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY InfusedGold Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardInolashite.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Inolashite Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardIridium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardLanthanum.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lanthanum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardLithium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardLutetium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lutetium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardMagnesium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardManganese.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Manganese Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardMeteoricIron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY MeteoricIron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardMidasium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Midasium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardMolybdenum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Molybdenum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardNaquadah.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadah Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardNaquadahEnriched.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY NaquadahEnriched Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardNaquadria.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadria Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardNeodymium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Neodymium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardNeutronium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutronium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardNiobium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Niobium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardOrichalcum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orichalcum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardOureclase.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Oureclase Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPalladium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPigIron.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY PigIron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPlutonium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPlutonium241.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Plutonium241 Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPraseodymium.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Praseodymium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPrometheum.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Prometheum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardPromethium.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Promethium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardRubidium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubidium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardRutile.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutile Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardSamarium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Samarium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardSanguinite.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanguinite Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardScandium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Scandium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardShadow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shadow Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardShadowIron.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ShadowIron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardSilicon.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardTantalum.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tantalum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardTartarite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tartarite Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardTellurium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tellurium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardTerbium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Terbium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardThorium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardThulium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thulium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardTitanium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardTritanium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardUranium235.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium235 Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardVanadium.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanadium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardVulcanite.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vulcanite Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardVyroxeres.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vyroxeres Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardYtterbium.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ytterbium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardYttrium.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yttrium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.aobd.shardZinc.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Shard
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY This Item Is Disabled.
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY 128³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY 16³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY 2³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY View Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biometric Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Staff
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Memory Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Tool
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.drillhead.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Drill Head
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.impulse_boots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Impulse Boots
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.wand_upgradeable.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Capped Treated Wood Wand
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.wandcap.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Wand Cap
fe.protection.inventory.arcane_engineering.wandupgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainer.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerChest.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerFeet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Feet Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerHead.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Head Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerLegs.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Legs Armour Container
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.armourersHammer.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Armourers Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.blockMarker.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Marker
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.burnTool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Burn Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.colourNoiseTool.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Colour Noise Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.colourPicker.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Colour Picker
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.debugTool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.dodgeTool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dodge Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.dyeBottle.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dye Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkin.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Equipment Skin
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkinTemplate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Equipment Skin Template
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.guideBook.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Guide Book
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.hueTool.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hue Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.mannequinTool.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mannequin Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.paintRoller.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Roller
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.paintbrush.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.shadeNoiseTool.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shade Noise Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.soap.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soap
fe.protection.inventory.armourersWorkshop.wandOfStyle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Of Style
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.backpack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.backpack_pouch.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Backpack Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.backpack_resizer.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Backpack Resizer
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.backpack_restorer.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Backpack Restorer
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.quantum_backpack.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.unknown_item.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Item
fe.protection.inventory.betterbuilderswands.wandDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Wand
fe.protection.inventory.betterbuilderswands.wandIron.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Wand
fe.protection.inventory.betterbuilderswands.wandStone.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Wand
fe.protection.inventory.betterbuilderswands.wandUnbreakable.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Unbreakable Wand
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.aspectProcessor.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY MRU == Aspect Matrix
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.aspectTransvector.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY MRU Aspect Directer
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedElementalCore.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Elemental Core
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedMagicalAlloys.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Magical Alloys
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedMagicalPlate.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Magical Plate
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.cap_inert.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY MRU Wand Cap (Inert)
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_MRUMovement.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: MRU Movement
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_ender.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: MRU Teleportation
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_fortification.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: MRU Fortification
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_lifedrain.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: MRU Lifedrain
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_light.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: MRU Lights
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_mruInfusion.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: MRU Infusion
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_sanity.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: MRU Sanity
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.gemChaos.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaotic Gem
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.gemFrozen.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Frozen Gem
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.inertInteractor.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inert MRU Matrix Interactor
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.inkwellmru.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY MRU Powered Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.matrixInteractor.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY MRU Matrix Interactor
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.monocle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Monocle Of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.mruCap.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY MRU Wand Cap
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.pearl.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Overcharged Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.primordialCore.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial MRU Core
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.shade_protector.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY SHADE Protector
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.staffRod.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY MRU Staff Rod
fe.protection.inventory.essenthaum.essenthaum.wandRod.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY MRU Wand Rod
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.aFocus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Windy Focus
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.air_potion.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Potion
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.bauble.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Accessory
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.baublesCore.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Matrix Destructor
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.biomeWand.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Wand
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.boots_inq.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inquisitorium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.boots_magic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY MHS Boots
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.boots_void.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Boots
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.boots_wind.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Mage Boots
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.bottledWind.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottled Wind
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.bound_gem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Gem
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.chaosFork.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaos Fork
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.charm.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Charm
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.chest_inq.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Inquisitorium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.chest_magic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY MHS Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.chest_void.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.chest_wind.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Mage Robe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.collectedSpawner.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Monster Spawner
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.computerBoard.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Computer Guy's Antigravitational Board
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.computer_boots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Computer Guy's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.computer_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Computer Guy's Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.computer_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Computer Guy's Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.computer_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Computer Guy's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.controlRod.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Control Rod
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.craftingFrame.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Frame
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.dividerGun.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Divider's Gun
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.drops.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flame Drops
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.eFocus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Earthen Focus
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.elementalFuel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Elemental Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.elementalSword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Sword
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.elemental_axe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Axe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.elemental_hoe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.elemental_pick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.elemental_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.elemental_sword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Sword
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.ember.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Acidic Ember
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.emeraldHeart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Heart
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.entityEgg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn Entity: MRUCU
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.essence.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Essence
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.mruMover1.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY MRUCU Moving Wand
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.testItem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY [DEV ONLY]
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.fFocus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Focus
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.frozenMace.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Frozen Mace
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.fruit_Item.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.essentialcraft:fruit_Item.name
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.genItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Combined Magical Alloys
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.gun.gatling.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gatling Gun
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.gun.pistol.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistol
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.gun.rifle.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Assault Rifle
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.gun.sniper.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sniper Rifle
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.helm_inq.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inquisitorium Helm
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.helm_magic.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY MHS Helm
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.helm_void.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Helm
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.helm_wind.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Mage Hood
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.holyMace.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Holy Mace
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.imprisonedWind.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Imprisoned Wind
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.inventoryGem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Gem
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.itemFilter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Inventory Node Filter
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.legs_inq.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Inquisitorium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.legs_magic.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY MHS Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.legs_void.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.legs_wind.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Mage Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicMonocle.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Monocle
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicWaterBottle.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicalAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Magmatic Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicalBuilder.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Building Wand
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicalChisel.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicalDigger.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Digger
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicalLantern.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Lantern
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicalPorkchop.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicalShield.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Shield
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicalSlag.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Slag
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magicalWings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Wings
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magmaticStaff.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magmatic Staff
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.magnetizingStaff.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnetizing Staff
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.mruMatrixProjection.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY MRUMP - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.mruMover_t2.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY MRUCU Moving Wand Tier 2
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.orbitalRemote.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Orbital Strike
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.playerList.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Whitelist
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.record.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Record
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.record_a.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Record
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.record_secret.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY It's A Mystery!
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.research_book.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Book
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.robocalypse.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Holographic Record
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.secret.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY 410 Bus Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.shadeKnife.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY SHADE Corrupted Daggers
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.shadeSlasher.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY SHADE Corrupted Cleaver
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.shadeSword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY SHADE Corrupted Sword
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.soul.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Captured Soul - Villager
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.soulScriber.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Scriber
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.soulStone.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Stone
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.spawnerCollector.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawner Collector
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.spikyShield.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spiky Buckler
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.staffOfLife.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Staff Of Life
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.storage.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Shard
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.titanite.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanite
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.twinkling_titanite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Twinkling Titanite
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wFocus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Watery Focus
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_axe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Elemental Axe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_hoe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Elemental Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_pick.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Elemental Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_shovel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Elemental Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_sword.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakened Elemental Sword
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.windKeeper.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Trapped Wind
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.windTablet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wind_boots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Infused Boots
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wind_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_axe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Infused Axe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_hoe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Infused Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_pick.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_shovel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Infused Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_sword.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Infused Sword
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wind_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Infused Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.essentialcraft.wind_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wind Infused Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY null
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.part.base.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.casing.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.component.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.physical.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Production Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Climate Control Module
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gene Sample
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetic Template
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetics Processor
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY invalid.name
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY invalid.name
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Import Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.Labware.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetics Labware
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Can
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Module
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Protein Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Protein Can
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.Waste.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetic Waste
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Double_Thoriumcell.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.GregTech_FluidDisplay.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.Thoriumcell.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.ThoriumcellDep.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.comb.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lignite Comb
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.integrated_circuit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.integrated_circuit.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.metaitem.01.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.metaitem.02.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.metaitem.02.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.metaitem.03.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.metaitem.03.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.metatool.01.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.neutronreflector.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.neutronreflector.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXDual.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorMOXDual.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXQuad.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorMOXQuad.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXSimple.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorMOXSimple.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumDual.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorUraniumDual.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorUraniumQuad.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.reactorUraniumSimple.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.gt.sensorcard.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY gt.sensorcard.name
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modulararmor_boots.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Modular Armor Boots
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modulararmor_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Modular Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modulararmor_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Modular Armor Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modulararmor_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Modular Armor Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric1_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Exoskeleton Boots
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric1_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Exoskeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric1_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Exoskeleton Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric1_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Exoskeleton Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric2_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Nanosuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric2_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Nanosuit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric2_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Nanosuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.gregtech.modularelectric2_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Nanosuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluix Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hopper Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.mo.android_pill.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Pill
fe.protection.inventory.mo.battery.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_base.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Base
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_matter_extractor.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Extractor
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_power_generator.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Generator
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_residential.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Residential Buildings
fe.protection.inventory.mo.building_ship_hangar.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ship Hangar
fe.protection.inventory.mo.contract.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Contract
fe.protection.inventory.mo.creative_battery.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Battery
fe.protection.inventory.mo.creative_pattern_drive.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Pattern Drive
fe.protection.inventory.mo.data_pad.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Data Pad
fe.protection.inventory.mo.dilithium_crystal.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dilithium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.mo.earl_gray_tea.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
fe.protection.inventory.mo.emergency_ration.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Emergency Ration
fe.protection.inventory.mo.energy_pack.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Pack
fe.protection.inventory.mo.forcefield_emitter.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Force Field Emitter
fe.protection.inventory.mo.h_compensator.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heisenberg Compensator
fe.protection.inventory.mo.hc_battery.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY High Capacity Battery
fe.protection.inventory.mo.integration_matrix.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Integration Matrix
fe.protection.inventory.mo.ion_sniper.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ion Sniper
fe.protection.inventory.mo.isolinear_circuit.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Isolinear Circuit Mk1
fe.protection.inventory.mo.machine_casing.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Casing
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_container.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Matter Container
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_container_full.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Matter Container
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_dust.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_dust_refined.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Matter Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mo.matter_scanner.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.mo.me_conversion_matrix.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter-Energy Conversion Matrix
fe.protection.inventory.mo.network_flash_drive.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Flash Drive
fe.protection.inventory.mo.omni_tool.*                                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Omni Tool
fe.protection.inventory.mo.pattern_drive.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pattern Drive
fe.protection.inventory.mo.phaser.*                                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Phaser
fe.protection.inventory.mo.phaser_rifle.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Phaser Rifle
fe.protection.inventory.mo.plasma_core.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Core
fe.protection.inventory.mo.plasma_shotgun.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Plasma Shotgun
fe.protection.inventory.mo.portable_decomposer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Decomposer
fe.protection.inventory.mo.romulan_ale.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Romulan Ale
fe.protection.inventory.mo.rouge_android_part.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Android Head
fe.protection.inventory.mo.s_magnet.*                                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Superconductor Magnet
fe.protection.inventory.mo.scout_ship.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scout Ship
fe.protection.inventory.mo.security_protocol.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Protocol
fe.protection.inventory.mo.ship_colonizer.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Colonizer Ship
fe.protection.inventory.mo.ship_factory.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ship Factory
fe.protection.inventory.mo.sniper_scope.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sniper Scope
fe.protection.inventory.mo.spacetime_equalizer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Space-Time Equalizer
fe.protection.inventory.mo.transport_flash_drive.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Transport Flash Drive
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritainum_spine.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Spine
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_dust.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_nugget.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_plate.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mo.tritanium_wrench.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tritanium Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.mo.upgrade.*                                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Shell
fe.protection.inventory.mo.weapon_handle.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Weapon Handle
fe.protection.inventory.mo.weapon_module_barrel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dilithium Focusing Matrix
fe.protection.inventory.mo.weapon_module_color.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Module (Red)
fe.protection.inventory.mo.weapon_receiver.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Weapon Receiver
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blindness Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Button Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Porter
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Computer Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Developers Delight
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimension Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Template
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flight Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Haste Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Information Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Night Vision Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orphaning Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peace Essence
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peaceful Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Poison Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Regeneration Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY RFTools Manual
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Saturation Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shape Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard Wand
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Slowness Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Smart Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY unknown.name
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Syringe
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Text Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.inventory.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Weakness Module
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraftneiplugin.Aspect.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemAspect
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloody Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloody Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloody Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.herobrinesScythe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe Of The White-Eyed One
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Aer Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pestle And Mortar
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plax Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket of Pyrofluid
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redlon Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knowledge Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diffusion Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.arthana.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arthana
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.babashat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bark Belt
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.biomenote.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Beach
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Biting Belt
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.boline.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Boline
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brew.water.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brewbag.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew Bag
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brew
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.canesword.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cane Sword
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches' Brews
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Circle Talisman
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.coffin.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffin
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Death's Hood
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Death's Footwear
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathshand.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand of Death
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Death's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Earmuffs
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.garlic.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Goblet
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.handbow.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Icy Slippers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.ingredient.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Candelabra
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Twisting Band
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.louse.*                                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mirror.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Moon Charm
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mutator.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystic Branch
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.playercompass.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Player Compass
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.poppet.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Poppet
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.potion.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Universal Antidote
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.silversword.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sword
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectral Stone
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.stew.*                                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.stewraw.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sun Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Taglock Kit
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.witchhand.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches Hand
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.witchhat.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches' Hat
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Witches Robes
fe.protection.inventory.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Bat/Wolf Token
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                                                      # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                                               # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.activationCrystal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.aether.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Aether
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.airScribeTool.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Air
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.airSigil.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Air Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.alchemyFlask.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Potion Flask
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.apprenticeBloodOrb.*                                                # (default: true) USE Apprentice Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.aquasalus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Aquasalus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.archmageBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Archmage's Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.armourInhibitor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Armour Inhibitor
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.averageLengtheningCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Average Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.averagePowerCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Average Power Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.blankSlate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blank Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.blankSpell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unbound Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseAlchemyItems.*                                        # (default: true) USE Offensa
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicBaseItems.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quartz Rod
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bloodMagicIncenseItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wood Ash
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundAxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bound Axe
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bound Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsFire.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWater.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Water Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundBootsWind.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bound Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetEarth.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetFire.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWater.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Water Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundHelmetWind.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggings.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bound Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsEarth.*                                                # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsFire.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWater.*                                                # (default: true) USE Water Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundLeggingsWind.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bound Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateEarth.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Earth Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateFire.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fire Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWater.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Water Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundPlateWind.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wind Omega Plate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.boundShovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bound Shovel
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.bucketLife.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bucket of Life
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.creativeDagger.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Creative Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.creativeFiller.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Orb of Testing
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.crepitous.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crepitous
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.crystallos.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crystallos
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.customTool.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dynamic Mace
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.daggerOfSacrifice.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.dawnScribeTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Dawn
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonBloodShard.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Demon Blood Shard
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonPlacer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Demon Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonicSlate.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Demonic Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.demonicTelepositionFocus.*                                          # (default: true) USE Demonic Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.divinationSigil.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Divination Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.duskScribeTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Dusk
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.earthScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Earth
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBazooka.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Energy Bazooka
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energyBlaster.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Energy Blaster
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.energySword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bound Blade
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.enhancedFillingAgent.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enhanced Filling Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.enhancedTelepositionFocus.*                                         # (default: true) USE Enhanced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.fireScribeTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Fire
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.fluidSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.greaterLengtheningCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Greater Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.greaterPowerCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Greater Power Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.growthSigil.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.imbuedSlate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Imbued Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.incendium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Incendium
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.inputRoutingFocus.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Input Routing Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemAssassinSigil.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Assassin
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemAttunedCrystal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Alchemic Router
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemBloodLightSigil.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemBloodPack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemCombinationalCatalyst.*                                         # (default: true) USE Combinational Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemComplexSpellCrystal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Complex Spell Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemCompressionSigil.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemDestinationClearer.*                                            # (default: true) USE Alchemic Cleanser
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemHarvestSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Harvest Goddess Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemKeyOfDiablo.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Key of Binding
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemRitualDiviner.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.itemTankSegmenter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Alchemic Segmenter
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.lavaCrystal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lava Crystal
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.lavaSigil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lava Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.magicales.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magicales
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.magicianBloodOrb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Magician's Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.masterBloodOrb.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Master Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.mundaneLengtheningCatalyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mundane Lengthening Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.mundanePowerCatalyst.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mundane Power Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.outputRoutingFocus.*                                                # (default: true) USE Default Output Routing Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.reinforcedSlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Reinforced Slate
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.reinforcedTelepositionFocus.*                                       # (default: true) USE Reinforced Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.ritualDismantler.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sacrificialKnife.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sacrificial Knife
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanctus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Sanctus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguineBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sanguine Boots
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguineHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sanguine Helmet
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguinePants.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sanguine Leggings
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sanguineRobe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sanguine Robes
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.seerSigil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Sigil of Sight
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfElementalAffinity.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfEnderSeverance.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHaste.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfHolding.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfMagnetism.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfSupression.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sigil of Supression
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheBridge.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfTheFastMiner.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.sigilOfWind.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.simpleCatalyst.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Simple Catalyst
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.standardBindingAgent.*                                              # (default: true) USE Standard Binding Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.standardFillingAgent.*                                              # (default: true) USE Standard Filling Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.telepositionFocus.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.tennebrae.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tenebrae
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.terrae.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Terrae
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.transcendentBloodOrb.*                                              # (default: true) USE Transcendent Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.voidSigil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Void Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.waterScribeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Elemental Inscription Tool: Water
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.waterSigil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Water Sigil
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakBindingAgent.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Weak Binding Agent
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakBloodOrb.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Weak Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakBloodShard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.use.AWWayofTime.weakFillingAgent.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Weak Filling Agent
fe.protection.use.Automagy.autoHandMirror.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Hungry Hand Mirror
fe.protection.use.Automagy.avaricePearl.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.use.Automagy.baubleEnderDisjunction.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ring of Ender Disjunction
fe.protection.use.Automagy.bucketMushroom.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bucket of Mushroom Soup
fe.protection.use.Automagy.bucketVishroom.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bucket of Vishroom Soup
fe.protection.use.Automagy.creativeTool.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Thinking Cap
fe.protection.use.Automagy.crystalBrain.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crystalline Brain: Air
fe.protection.use.Automagy.crystalEntityEye.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Oculo Anima
fe.protection.use.Automagy.crystalEye.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crystalline Eye
fe.protection.use.Automagy.edible.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Mercatus Amalgam
fe.protection.use.Automagy.enchantedPaper.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Enchanted Paper
fe.protection.use.Automagy.focusCrafting.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Crafting
fe.protection.use.Automagy.foodstuff.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Vishroom Stew
fe.protection.use.Automagy.glyph.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Aqueous Admixture
fe.protection.use.Automagy.golemLinker.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golem Linking Bell
fe.protection.use.Automagy.golemWorkbenchUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Workbench Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.use.Automagy.horizontal.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Shattered Avarice Pearl
fe.protection.use.Automagy.ingredient.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Conflux Disc
fe.protection.use.Automagy.netherHeart.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ember Heart
fe.protection.use.Automagy.phialExtra.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Phial of Enchanter's Concentrate
fe.protection.use.Automagy.shardSliver.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Sliver of Air
fe.protection.use.Automagy.tallyLens.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tally Box Lens: Clear
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.bambooDustCray.*                                                      # (default: true) USE dustClay
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.bambooFood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Meshi
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.bamboobasket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE BambooBasket
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.bamboobow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE BambooBow
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.bamboodough.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dough
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.bambooflour.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flour
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.bamboopickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.bamboospear.*                                                         # (default: true) USE BambooSpear
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.bamboosword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE BambooSword
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.boiledEgg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE BoiledEgg
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.cookingrecipe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE CookingRecipe
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.fan.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Fan
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.firecracker.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Firecracker(S)
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.huton.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Huton
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.itemFireflyBottle.*                                                   # (default: true) USE FireflyBottle
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.itembamboo.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ItemBamboo
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.itembean.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Bean
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.itemsack.*                                                            # (default: true) USE ItemSack
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.itemseaweed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Seaweed
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.itemtomato.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tomato
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.kaginawa.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Kaginawa
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.kakeziku.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Kakeziku
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.katana.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Katana
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.magatama.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Magatama
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.obon.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Obon
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.rawrice.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Rawrice
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.seedrice.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Seedrice
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.seedseaweed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE SeaweedSeed
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.shavedice.*                                                           # (default: true) USE ShavedIce(Normal)
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.slideDoor.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Husuma
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.snowball.*                                                            # (default: true) USE SnowBall(stone)
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.straw.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Straw
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.tudura.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Tudura
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.waterwheel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Waterwheel
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.windchime.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Windchime
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.windmill.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Windmill
fe.protection.use.BambooMod.zabuton.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cushion
fe.protection.use.Baubles.Ring.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Miner's Ring
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Atlas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Atlas Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Print Press Chase
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                              # (default: true) USE Clipboard
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lock and Key
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Screw Gun
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                                # (default: true) USE Reading Glasses
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                                # (default: true) USE Drafting Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                                # (default: true) USE Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                                        # (default: true) USE Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Big Writing Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eternal Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Framing Board
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Framing Saw
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Framing Sheet
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hand Drill
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                               # (default: true) USE Painting Canvas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Plumb line
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Print Press Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Slotted Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                             # (default: true) USE Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Builders.blueprintItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blueprint
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Builders.templateItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Template
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Compat.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemspropolis.*                       # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.debugger.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Debugger
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.diamondGearItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.goldGearItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.ironGearItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.list.*                                                          # (default: true) USE List
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.mapLocation.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Map Location
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.paintbrush.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.stoneGearItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.woodenGearItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wood Gear
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Core.wrenchItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketFuel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Energy.bucketOil.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.redstone_board.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Board
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.robot.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Robot
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Robotics.robotStation.*                                              # (default: true) USE Docking Station
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.package.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Package
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneChipset.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Chipset
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Silicon.redstoneCrystal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.gateCopier.*                                               # (default: true) USE Gate Copier
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsclay.*                       # (default: true) USE Clay Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidscobblestone.*                # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsdiamond.*                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsemerald.*                    # (default: true) USE Emerald Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsgold.*                       # (default: true) USE Golden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsiron.*                       # (default: true) USE Iron Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsquartz.*                     # (default: true) USE Quartz Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidssandstone.*                  # (default: true) USE Sandstone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsstone.*                      # (default: true) USE Stone Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidsvoid.*                       # (default: true) USE Void Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipefluidswood.*                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsclay.*                        # (default: true) USE Clay Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemscobblestone.*                 # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdaizuli.*                     # (default: true) USE Daizuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsdiamond.*                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemerald.*                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsemzuli.*                      # (default: true) USE Emzuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsgold.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsiron.*                        # (default: true) USE Iron Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemslapis.*                       # (default: true) USE Lazuli Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsobsidian.*                    # (default: true) USE Obsidian Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsquartz.*                      # (default: true) USE Quartz Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemssandstone.*                   # (default: true) USE Sandstone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstone.*                       # (default: true) USE Stone Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsstripes.*                     # (default: true) USE Stripes Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemsvoid.*                        # (default: true) USE Void Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipeitemswood.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowercobblestone.*                 # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerdiamond.*                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweremerald.*                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowergold.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepoweriron.*                        # (default: true) USE Iron Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerquartz.*                      # (default: true) USE Quartz Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowersandstone.*                   # (default: true) USE Sandstone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerstone.*                       # (default: true) USE Stone Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipepowerwood.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Kinesis Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.item.buildcraftPipe.pipestructurecobblestone.*             # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Structure Pipe
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeFacade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Facade: CORRUPT
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeGate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Basic Gate
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeLens.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lens (Black)
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePlug.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pipe Plug
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipePowerAdapter.*                                         # (default: true) USE Power Adapter
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWaterproof.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pipe Sealant
fe.protection.use.BuildCraft|Transport.pipeWire.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Red Pipe Wire
fe.protection.use.Calculator.AdvancedAssembly.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Advanced Assembly
fe.protection.use.Calculator.AdvancedTerrainModule.*                                              # (default: true) USE Advanced Terrain Module
fe.protection.use.Calculator.AtomicAssembly.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Atomic Assembly
fe.protection.use.Calculator.AtomicBinder.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Atomic Binder
fe.protection.use.Calculator.AtomicModule.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Atomic Module
fe.protection.use.Calculator.BabyGrenade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Baby Grenade
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Broccoli.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Broccoli
fe.protection.use.Calculator.BroccoliSeeds.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Broccoli Seeds
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Calculator.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Calculator
fe.protection.use.Calculator.CalculatorAssembly.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Calculator Assembly
fe.protection.use.Calculator.CalculatorScreen.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Calculator Screen
fe.protection.use.Calculator.CircuitBoard.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Circuit
fe.protection.use.Calculator.CircuitDamaged.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Damaged Circuit
fe.protection.use.Calculator.CircuitDirty.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Circuit
fe.protection.use.Calculator.CoalDust.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Coal Dust
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ControlledFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Controlled Fuel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.CookedBroccoli.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Broccoli
fe.protection.use.Calculator.CraftingCalculator.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crafting Calculator
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ElectricAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Electric Axe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ElectricDiamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Electric Diamond
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ElectricHoe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Electric Hoe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ElectricPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Electric Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ElectricShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Electric Shovel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ElectricSword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Electric Sword
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EndDiamond.*                                                         # (default: true) USE End Diamond
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EndForgedAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE End Forged Axe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EndForgedHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE End Forged Hoe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EndForgedPickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE End Forged Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EndForgedShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE End Forged Shovel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EndForgedSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE End Forged Sword
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnergyModule.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Energy Module
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnrichedCoal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Enriched Coal
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnrichedGold.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Enriched Gold
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnrichedGoldAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Enriched Gold Axe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnrichedGoldHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Enriched Gold Hoe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnrichedGoldIngot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Enriched Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnrichedGoldPickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Enriched Gold Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnrichedGoldShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Enriched Gold Shovel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.EnrichedGoldSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Enriched Gold Sword
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FiddledewFruit.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fiddledew Fruit
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FireCoal.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Fire Coal
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FireDiamondAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fire Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FireDiamondHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fire Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FireDiamondPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fire Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FireDiamondShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fire Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FireDiamondSword.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fire Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FlawlessCalculator.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flawless Calculator
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FlawlessDiamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Flawless Diamond
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flawless Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flawless Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Flawless Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondShovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flawless Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FlawlessDiamondSword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Flawless Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.Calculator.FlawlessFireDiamond.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fire Diamond
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Grenade.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Grenade
fe.protection.use.Calculator.GrenadeCasing.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Grenade Casing
fe.protection.use.Calculator.HealthModule.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Health Module
fe.protection.use.Calculator.HungerModule.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Hunger Module
fe.protection.use.Calculator.InfoCalculator.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Info Calculator
fe.protection.use.Calculator.LargeTanzanite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Large Tanzanite
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Large_Amethyst.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Large Amethyst
fe.protection.use.Calculator.LocatorModule.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Locator Module
fe.protection.use.Calculator.NutritionModule.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Nutrition Module
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ObsidianKey.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Obsidian Key
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Pear.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Pear
fe.protection.use.Calculator.PrunaeSeeds.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Prunae Seeds
fe.protection.use.Calculator.PurifiedCoal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Purified Coal
fe.protection.use.Calculator.RedstoneHoe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Redstone Hoe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.RedstoneIngot.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Redstone Ingot
fe.protection.use.Calculator.RedstonePickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Redstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.RedstoneShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Redstone Shovel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.RedstoneSword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Redstone Sword
fe.protection.use.Calculator.RedstonedAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Redstone Axe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Reinforced Axe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedHoe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Reinforced Hoe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedIronAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Reinforced Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedIronHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Reinforced Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedIronIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Reinforced Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedIronPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Reinforced Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedIronShovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Reinforced Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedIronSword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Reinforced Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedPickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Reinforced Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Reinforced Shovel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ReinforcedSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Reinforced Sword
fe.protection.use.Calculator.RottenPear.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rotten Pear
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ScientificCalculator.*                                               # (default: true) USE Scientific Calculator
fe.protection.use.Calculator.ShardTanzanite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tanzanite Shard
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Shard_Amethyst.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Amethyst Shard
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Sickle.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Sickle
fe.protection.use.Calculator.SmallStone.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Small Stone
fe.protection.use.Calculator.SmallTanzanite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tanzanite
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Small_Amethyst.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Amethyst
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Soil.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Soil
fe.protection.use.Calculator.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Calculator.StorageModule.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Storage Module
fe.protection.use.Calculator.TerrainModule.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Basic Terrain Module
fe.protection.use.Calculator.VoidUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Calculator.WeakenedDiamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Weakened Diamond
fe.protection.use.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Weakened Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Weakened Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Weakened Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondShovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Weakened Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.Calculator.WeakenedDiamondSword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Weakened Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.Calculator.Wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                            # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.antidote.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Antidote
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.defuser.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Defuser
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.grenade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Conventional Grenade
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.laserDesignator.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Laser Designator
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.minecart.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Explosive Cart
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.missile.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Conventional Missile
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.poisonPowder.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Poison Powder
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.radarGun.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Radar Gun
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.remoteDetonator.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Remote Detonator
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.rocketLauncher.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.signalDisrupter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Signal Disrupter
fe.protection.use.DefenseTech.tracker.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tracker
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.adminSpawnEgg.*                                               # (default: true) USE Spawn 
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.awakenedCore.*                                                # (default: true) USE Awakened Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.chaosFragment.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Chaos Fragment
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.chaosShard.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chaos Shard
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.chaoticCore.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Chaotic Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.creativeStructureSpawner.*                                    # (default: true) USE Spawn Comet
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.dezilsMarshmallow.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dezil's Marshmallow
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicAxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Draconic Axe
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Boots
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicBow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Draconic Bow
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicChest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Chestplate
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicCore.*                                                # (default: true) USE Draconic Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicDistructionStaff.*                                    # (default: true) USE Draconic Staff of Power
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicHelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Draconic Helm
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicHoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Draconic Hoe
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicIngot.*                                               # (default: true) USE Awakened Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicLeggs.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Leggings
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicPickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Draconic Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicShovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Draconic Shovel
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconicSword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconic Sword
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumBlend.*                                              # (default: true) USE Draconium Blend (Depreciated)
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumDust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Draconium Dust
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumEnergyCore.*                                         # (default: true) USE Wyvern Energy Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumFluxCapacitor.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wyvern Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.draconiumIngot.*                                              # (default: true) USE Draconium Ingot
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.dragonHeart.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dragon Heart
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.enderArrow.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ender Arrow
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.infoTablet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Draconic Evolution Information Tablet
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.key.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Key
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.magnet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Item Dislocator
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.mobSoul.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mob Soul
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Draconium Nugget
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.reactorCraftingPart.*                                         # (default: true) USE Reactor Stabilizer Frame
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.safetyMatch.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Box of Safety Matches
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.sunFocus.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Solar Focus
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.tclogo.*                                                      # (default: true) USE TCLogo
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKI.*                                               # (default: true) USE Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.teleporterMKII.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enhanced Charm of Dislocation
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crystal Binder
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBoots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wyvern Boots
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernBow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bow of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernChest.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wyvern Chestplate
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernCore.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wyvern Core
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernHelm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wyvern Helm
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernLeggs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wyvern Leggings
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernPickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernShovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.DraconicEvolution.wyvernSword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sword of the Wyvern
fe.protection.use.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_battery.*                                        # (default: true) USE Redstone Battery
fe.protection.use.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_book.*                                           # (default: true) USE ElectriCraft Handbook
fe.protection.use.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_crafting.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lapis Dust
fe.protection.use.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_crystal.*                                        # (default: true) USE Redstone Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_eubattery.*                                      # (default: true) USE EU Storage Battery (RBSU)
fe.protection.use.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_ingots.*                                         # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_placer.*                                         # (default: true) USE electri.wire
fe.protection.use.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_rfbattery.*                                      # (default: true) USE RF Storage Battery
fe.protection.use.ElectriCraft.electricraft_item_wire.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Wire
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.Copper_Axe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Copper Axe
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.Copper_Boots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Boots
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.Copper_Chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.Copper_Helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Copper Helmet
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.Copper_Hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Copper Hoe
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.Copper_Leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Copper Leggings
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.Copper_Pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.Copper_Shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Copper Shovel
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.Copper_Sword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Sword
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Boots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE E-Coal Boots
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) USE E-Coal Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE E-Coal Helmet
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.E-Coal_Leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE E-Coal Leggings
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.sharedItem.*                                                            # (default: true) USE .name
fe.protection.use.Eln.Eln.sharedItemStackOne.*                                                    # (default: true) USE .name
fe.protection.use.Eln.eln.itemCreativeTab.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.eln:elncreativetab.name
fe.protection.use.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ender Pouch
fe.protection.use.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_item_bluewire.*                              # (default: true) USE Lapis Wire
fe.protection.use.ExpandedRedstone.expanded_redstone_item_placer.*                                # (default: true) USE Block Update Detector
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Angel Ring
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                           # (default: true) USE Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Healing Axe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Division Sigil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Etheric Sword
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Glove
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golden Lasso
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Heating Coil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kikoku
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                                    # (default: true) USE ERR
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soul fragment
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Portable Scanner
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Precision Shears
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Watering Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.adventurerBag.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.adventurerBagT2.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ambrosia.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Ambrosia
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apatite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Apatite
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristBag.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristChest.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.apiaristLegs.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ash.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Ash
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeCombs.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honey Comb
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeDroneGE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Drone
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeLarvaeGE.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.for.beeLarvaeGE.name
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beePrincessGE.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Princess
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeQueenGE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Queen
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beealyzer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Beealyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beeswax.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Beeswax
fe.protection.use.Forestry.beverage.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Short Mead
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bituminousPeat.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.brokenBronzePickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Forestry.brokenBronzeShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Broken Shovel
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bronzePickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bronzeShovel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketBiomass.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Biomass Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketEthanol.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ethanol Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketGlass.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Glass Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketHoney.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Honey Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketIce.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Ice Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketJuice.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Juice Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketMead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketSeedOil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.bucketShortMead.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Short Mead Bucket
fe.protection.use.Forestry.builderBag.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Builder's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.builderBagT2.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Builder's WovenBackpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.butterflyGE.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canBiomass.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Biomass Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canEmpty.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canEthanol.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ethanol Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canFuel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Fuel Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canHoney.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honey Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canIce.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Ice Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canJuice.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Juice Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canLava.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Lava Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canMead.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Mead Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canOil.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Oil Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canSeedOil.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canShortMead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Short Mead Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.canWater.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Water Can
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.use.Forestry.carton.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Carton
fe.protection.use.Forestry.catalogue.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Catalogue
fe.protection.use.Forestry.caterpillarGE.*                                                        # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.chipsets.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.use.Forestry.craftingMaterial.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.use.Forestry.crate.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Crate
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAcaciaSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAcaciaWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedApatite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedApples.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedAsh.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBeeswax.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBirchSapling.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBirchWood.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBogearth.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBrass.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBrick.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedBronze.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCacti.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCarrots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCharcoal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCherry.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedChestnut.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedClay.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCoal.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCobblestone.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCocoaComb.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCookies.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedCrystallinePollen.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDarkOakSapling.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDarkOakWood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDates.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDirt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedDrippingCombs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedFertilizer.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedFrozenCombs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedGlowstone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedGravel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHoneycombs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHoneydew.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedHumus.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedJungleSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedJungleWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedLapis.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedLemon.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMellowCombs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMossyCombs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMulch.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMycelium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedMysteriousCombs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherbrick.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherrack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedNetherwart.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedObsidian.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPapaya.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedParchedCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPeat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPhosphor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPlum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPodzol.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPollen.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPotatoes.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPowderyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedPropolis.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRedSand.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRedstone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedReeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRefractoryWax.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedResin.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRoyalJelly.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedRubber.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSand.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSandstone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSaplings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedScrap.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSeeds.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSilkyCombs.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSilver.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSimmeringCombs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSoulsand.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSpruceSapling.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedSpruceWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedStone.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedStringyCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedTin.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWalnut.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWheat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWheatenCombs.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.cratedWood.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.Forestry.decayingWheat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.diggerBag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Digger's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.diggerBagT2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Digger's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fertilizerBio.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Compost
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fertilizerCompound.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.flutterlyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flutterlyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.foresterBag.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Forester's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.foresterBagT2.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Forester's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameImpregnated.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameProven.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Proven Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.frameUntreated.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Untreated Frame
fe.protection.use.Forestry.fruits.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearBronze.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearCopper.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.gearTin.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Tin Gear
fe.protection.use.Forestry.grafter.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Grafter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.grafterProven.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Proven Grafter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.habitatLocator.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Habitat Locator
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hardenedMachine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hardened Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyDrop.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Honey Drop
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyPot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honey Pot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeydew.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Honeydew
fe.protection.use.Forestry.honeyedSlice.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hunterBag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Hunter's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.hunterBagT2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Hunter's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.impregnatedCasing.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.imprinter.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Imprinter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.infuser.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Infuser
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotBronze.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotCopper.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.ingotTin.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Ingot
fe.protection.use.Forestry.iodineCapsule.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.kitPickaxe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.use.Forestry.kitShovel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Shovel Kit
fe.protection.use.Forestry.lepidopteristBag.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.letters.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Letter
fe.protection.use.Forestry.minerBag.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Miner's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.minerBagT2.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Miner's Woven Backpack
fe.protection.use.Forestry.mouldyWheat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.mulch.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Mulch
fe.protection.use.Forestry.naturalistHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spectacles
fe.protection.use.Forestry.oakStick.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.use.Forestry.peat.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Peat
fe.protection.use.Forestry.phosphor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Phosphor
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pipette.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Pipette
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pollen.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.use.Forestry.pollenFertile.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Forestry.propolis.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Propolis
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryBiomass.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryEmpty.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryEthanol.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryFuel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryHoney.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Honey Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryIce.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryJuice.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Juice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryLava.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lava Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryMead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryOil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractorySeedOil.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryShortMead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryWater.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Water Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.refractoryWax.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Refractory Wax
fe.protection.use.Forestry.researchNote.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.use.Forestry.royalJelly.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.Forestry.sapling.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.Forestry.scoop.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Scoop
fe.protection.use.Forestry.serumGE.*                                                              # (default: true) USE ???
fe.protection.use.Forestry.solderingIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Soldering Iron
fe.protection.use.Forestry.stamps.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.use.Forestry.sturdyMachine.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.use.Forestry.thermionicTubes.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.use.Forestry.treealyzer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Treealyzer
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsule.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wax Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleBiomass.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biomass Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleEthanol.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ethanol Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleFuel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Fuel Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleHoney.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Honey Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleIce.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleJuice.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Juice Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleMead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleOil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleSeedOil.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Seed Oil Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleShortMead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Short Mead Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCapsuleWater.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Water Capsule
fe.protection.use.Forestry.waxCast.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Wax Cast
fe.protection.use.Forestry.woodPulp.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wood Pulp
fe.protection.use.Forestry.wrench.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Unnamed
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.adventurers_diary.*                                      # (default: true) USE Adventurer's Diary
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.altar_nexus.*                                            # (default: true) USE Altar Nexus
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.arcane_shard.*                                           # (default: true) USE Arcane Shard
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.auricion.*                                               # (default: true) USE Auricion
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.biome_compass.*                                          # (default: true) USE Biome Compass
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.blank_gem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Blank Gem
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.bucket_ender_goo.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ender Goo Bucket
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Charm of Power
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.charm_pouch.*                                            # (default: true) USE Charm Pouch
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Curse of Teleportation
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.curse_amulet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Curse Amulet
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.dry_splinter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dry Splinter
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.end_powder.*                                             # (default: true) USE End Powder
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enderman_head.*                                          # (default: true) USE Enderman Head
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endium_ingot.*                                           # (default: true) USE Endium Ingot
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.endoplasm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand.*                                            # (default: true) USE Energy Wand
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.energy_wand_core.*                                       # (default: true) USE Energy Wand Core
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_brewing_stand.*                                 # (default: true) USE Enhanced Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.enhanced_ender_pearl.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.essence.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dragon Essence
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.exp_bottle_consistent.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.fire_shard.*                                             # (default: true) USE Infernium
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.ghost_amulet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ghost Amulet (Impure)
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.igneous_rock.*                                           # (default: true) USE Igneous Rock
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.infestation_remedy.*                                     # (default: true) USE Infestation Remedy
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.instability_orb.*                                        # (default: true) USE Instability Orb
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.item_special_effects.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.itemNumber.name
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.knowledge_note.*                                         # (default: true) USE Knowledge Note
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.living_matter.*                                          # (default: true) USE Living Matter
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.music_disk.*                                             # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_fragment.*                                      # (default: true) USE Obsidian Fragment
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.obsidian_rod.*                                           # (default: true) USE Obsidian Rod
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_instability.*                                  # (default: true) USE Potion of Instability
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.potion_of_purity.*                                       # (default: true) USE Potion of Purity
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.rune.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Rune of Power
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.schorching_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) USE Scorching Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.silverfish_blood.*                                       # (default: true) USE Silverfish Blood
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spatial_dash_gem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Spatial Dash Gem
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spawn_eggs.*                                             # (default: true) USE Spawn Angry Enderman
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.spectral_tear.*                                          # (default: true) USE Spectral Tear
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.stardust.*                                               # (default: true) USE Stardust
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.temple_caller.*                                          # (default: true) USE Temple Caller
fe.protection.use.HardcoreEnderExpansion.transference_gem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Transference Gem
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemAdvBat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemAdvIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Refined Iron)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorAdvBatpack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorAlloyChestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Composite Vest
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBatpack.*                                                          # (default: true) USE BatPack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorBronzeLegs.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorCFPack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE CF Backpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorEnergypack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Energypack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorHazmatChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorHazmatHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorHazmatLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorJetpack.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorJetpackElectric.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoChestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoHelmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorNanoLegs.*                                                         # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorQuantumLegs.*                                                      # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemArmorRubBoots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rubber Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBarrel.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeAdv.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeCrystal.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeLamaCrystal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatChargeRE.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatCrystal.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatLamaCrystal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatRE.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatREDischarged.*                                                       # (default: true) USE RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBatSU.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBiochaff.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bio Chaff
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemBoat.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Carbon Fiber Canoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCable.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Insulated Copper Cable
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCasing.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Copper Item Casing
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCellEmpty.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Empty Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCellHydrant.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hydration Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCofeeBeans.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Coffee Beans
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCofeePowder.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Coffee Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCoin.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Industrial Credit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemContainmentbox.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Containment Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCropSeed.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCropnalyzer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemCrushedOre.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDebug.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Debug Item
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDensePlates.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dense Copper Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDiamondBlockCuttingBlade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Diamond)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDoorAlloy.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDust.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDust2.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Silicon dioxide
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDustSmall.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDynamite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Dynamite
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemDynamiteSticky.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFertilizer.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFluidCell.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFoamSprayer.*                                                           # (default: true) USE CF Sprayer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFreq.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFuelPlantBall.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plantball
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemFuelRod.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Empty)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemGrinPowder.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Grin Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemHarz.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Sticky Resin
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemHops.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Hops
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemIngot.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemIronBlockCuttingBlade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemLathingTool.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Lathing Tool
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMOX.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE MOX Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMugBooze.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Zero
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMugCoffee.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cold Coffee
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemMugEmpty.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Stone Mug
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemNanoSaber.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Nano Saber
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemNightvisionGoggles.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemOreIridium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iridium Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartAlloy.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Alloy
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCFPowder.*                                                          # (default: true) USE CF Powder
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCarbonFibre.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Carbon Fibre
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCarbonMesh.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Raw Carbon Mesh
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCarbonPlate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Carbon Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCircuit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Electronic Circuit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCircuitAdv.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Advanced Circuit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCoalBall.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Coal Ball
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCoalBlock.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Compressed Coal Ball
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartCoalChunk.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Coal Chunk
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartIndustrialDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Industrial Diamond
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPartIridium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iridium Reinforced Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPlates.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Copper Plate
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPlutonium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Plutonium
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPlutoniumSmall.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Plutonium
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemPurifiedCrushedOre.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRTGPellet.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Pellets of RTG Fuel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRecipePart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Coil
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRemote.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemRubber.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Rubber
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScanner.*                                                               # (default: true) USE OD Scanner
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScannerAdv.*                                                            # (default: true) USE OV Scanner
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScrap.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Scrap
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemScrapbox.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Scrap Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemShardIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iridium Shard
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSlag.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Slag
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSolarHelmet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemStaticBoots.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Static Boots
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSteamTurbine.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Steam Turbine
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemSteamTurbineBlade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steam Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBP.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPChilling.*                                                          # (default: true) USE TFBP - Chilling
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPCultivation.*                                                       # (default: true) USE TFBP - Cultivation
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPDesertification.*                                                   # (default: true) USE TFBP - Desertification
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPFlatification.*                                                     # (default: true) USE TFBP - Flatification
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPIrrigation.*                                                        # (default: true) USE TFBP - Irrigation
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTFBPMushroom.*                                                          # (default: true) USE TFBP - Mushroom
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTerraWart.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Terra Wart
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTinCan.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Tin Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTinCanFilled.*                                                          # (default: true) USE (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeAxe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeHoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzePickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeSpade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolBronzeSword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolChainsaw.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolCutter.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cutter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolDDrill.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolDrill.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolForgeHammer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Forge Hammer
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolHoe.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Electric Hoe
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolIridiumDrill.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iridium Drill
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolMEter.*                                                             # (default: true) USE EU-Reader
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolMiningLaser.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mining Laser
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainter.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterBlack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Black Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterBlue.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blue Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterBrown.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brown Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterCloud.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Light Blue Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterCyan.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cyan Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterDarkGrey.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dark Grey Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterGreen.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Green Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterLightGrey.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Light Grey Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterLime.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lime Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterMagenta.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Magenta Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterOrange.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Orange Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterPink.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pink Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterPurple.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Purple Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterRed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Red Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterWhite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE White Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolPainterYellow.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Painter
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolWrench.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolWrenchElectric.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Electric Wrench
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemToolbox.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Tool Box
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTreetap.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Treetap
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTreetapElectric.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Electric Treetap
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTritiumCell.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Tritium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTurningBlanks.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Turning Blank
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemTurningBlanksWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Turning Blank
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran235.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Uranium 235
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran235small.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium 235
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemUran238.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Uranium 238
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemWeed.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Weed
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemWeedEx.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Weed-EX
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemWeedingTrowel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemcrystalmemory.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crystal Memory
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemironrotor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemsteelrotor.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemupgradekit.*                                                            # (default: true) USE MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemwcarbonrotor.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.use.IC2.itemwoodrotor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.use.IC2.obscurator.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Obscurator
fe.protection.use.IC2.plasmaLauncher.*                                                            # (default: true) USE ic2.plasmaLauncher
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCondensator.*                                                        # (default: true) USE RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCondensatorLap.*                                                     # (default: true) USE LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCoolantSimple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCoolantSix.*                                                         # (default: true) USE 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorCoolantTriple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchCore.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchDiamond.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorHeatSwitchSpread.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorLithiumCell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXDual.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXDualdepleted.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXQuaddepleted.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorMOXSimpledepleted.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Depleted MOX)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorPlating.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorPlatingExplosive.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorPlatingHeat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorReflector.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorReflectorThick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumDualdepleted.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumQuaddepleted.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorUraniumSimpledepleted.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Depleted Uranium)
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVent.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentCore.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentDiamond.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentGold.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.reactorVentSpread.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.IC2.upgradeModule.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IC2.windmeter.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Windmeter
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemCounterSensorKit.*                                        # (default: true) USE Counter Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergyArrayLocationCard.*                                 # (default: true) USE Energy Array Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorKit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Energy Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemEnergySensorLocationCard.*                                # (default: true) USE Energy Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemLiquidArrayLocationCard.*                                 # (default: true) USE Liquid Array Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemRemoteSensorKit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Remote Sensor Kit
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemSensorLocationCard.*                                      # (default: true) USE Reactor Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTextCard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Text Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemTimeCard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Time Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolDigitalThermometer.*                                  # (default: true) USE Digital Thermometer
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.ItemToolThermometer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Thermometer
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.itemCounterSensorLocationCard.*                               # (default: true) USE Counter Sensor Location Card
fe.protection.use.IC2NuclearControl.itemRangeUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) USE Range Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketFired.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketLava.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lava Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketMilk.*                                         # (default: true) USE Milk Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketUnfired.*                                      # (default: true) USE Unfired Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketWater.*                                        # (default: true) USE Water Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.clayBucketsTinkers.*                                     # (default: true) USE Molten Iron Clay Bucket
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.rubberChicken.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.iguana.tcon.rubberChicken.name
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawArdite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ardite Saw
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawCobalt.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cobalt Saw
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.sawManyullyn.*                                           # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Saw
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.skullItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enderman Head
fe.protection.use.IguanaTweaksTConstruct.wearableBucket.*                                         # (default: true) USE Holey Bucket
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                                # (default: true) USE Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Empty Casing
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                                     # (default: true) USE LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                                        # (default: true) USE Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jerrycan
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Treated Stick
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Railgun
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Revolver
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Shader
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                                # (default: true) USE Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.EasterEgg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Easter Egg
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.candyCane.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Candy Cane
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.christmasTreePet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Christmas Tree Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.coalNugget.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Coal Nugget
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.diamondNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.emeraldNugget.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Emerald Nugget
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.enderNugget.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ender Nugget
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.feedBag.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Feed Bag
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.holidayCookie.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Holiday Cookie
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.ironNugget.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.itemGift.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gift
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.lapisNugget.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lapis Nugget
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.menorahPet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Menorah Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.mishumaaSabaPet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mishumaa Saba Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.mugEggNog.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mug of Egg Nog
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.obsidianNugget.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem1.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.petAchieveItem1.name
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem10.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.petAchieveItem10.name
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem20.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.petAchieveItem20.name
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petAchieveItem5.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.petAchieveItem5.name
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petAchieveItemAll.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.petAchieveItemAll.name
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petAchieveItemGeneral.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.petAchieveItemGeneral.name
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petAnvil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Anvil Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petApple.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Apple Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petAprilFool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE April Fool Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petBanana.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Banana Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petBed.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bed Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petBlackHole.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Black Hole Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petBlaze.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blaze Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petBrewingStand.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petCheetah.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cheetah Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petChest.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Chest Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petChicken.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chicken Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petCloud.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Cloud Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petCow.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cow Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petCraftingTable.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crafting Table Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petCreeper.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Creeper Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petCustom.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Custom Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petDoubleChest.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Double Chest Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petDubstep.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dubstep Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petEnchantingTable.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enchanting Table Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petEnderChest.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ender Chest Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petEnderman.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Enderman Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petFurnace.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Furnace Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petGhast.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ghast Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petGrave.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Grave Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petHeart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Heart Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petHouse.*                                                        # (default: true) USE House Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petIlluminati.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Illuminati Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petIronGolem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Golem Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petJuggernaut.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Juggernaut Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petJukebox.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Jukebox Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petLoot.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Loot Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petMagmaCube.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Magma Cube Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petMickerson.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mickerson
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petMoon.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Moon Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petMooshroom.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mooshroom Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petNetherPortal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Nether Portal Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petOcelot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ocelot Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petPacMan.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pac-Man Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petPig.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pig Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petPingot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pingot Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petPufferfish.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pufferfish Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petPurpliciousCow.*                                               # (default: true) USE Purplicious Cow Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petQuantumCrystalMonster.*                                        # (default: true) USE Quantum Crystal Monster Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petQuiver.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Quiver Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petSheep.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sheep Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petShield.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Shield Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petSilverfish.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Silverfish Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petSlime.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Slime Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petSnowGolem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Snow Golem Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petSpider.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Spider Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petSponge.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sponge Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petSquid.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Squid Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petWither.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wither Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.petWolf.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wolf Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.politicallyCorrectPet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Politically Correct Pet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.solstice_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Solstice Boots
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.solstice_greaves.*                                                # (default: true) USE Solstice Leggings
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.solstice_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Solstice Helmet
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.solstice_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Solstice Sword
fe.protection.use.InventoryPets.solstice_tunic.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Solstice Chestplate
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperIronUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.copperSilverUpgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondCrystalUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.diamondObsidianUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.goldDiamondUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.ironGoldUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.silverGoldUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodCopperUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.IronChest.woodIronUpgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.hammer.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.use.JABBA.mover.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                              # (default: true) USE B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Storage upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Sticker
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                                       # (default: true) USE item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.use.Mantle.mantleBook.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mantle:item.mantle.manual.test.name
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                              # (default: true) USE §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bio Fuel
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Brine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Clump
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Configuration Card
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Configurator
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crafting Formula
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Crystal
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dictionary
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Electric Bow
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Energy Tablet
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Enriched Iron
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Flamethrower
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Free Runners
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Gas Mask
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE §8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Network Reader
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                           # (default: true) USE HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Robit
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Sawdust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Scuba Tank
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Seismic Reader
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Shard
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Substrate
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Teleportation Core
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hohlraum
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Solar Panel
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Gold Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                                # (default: true) USE Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Osmium Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Osmium Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Osmium Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wood Paxel
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cartographer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crane Backpack
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crane Control
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cursor
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                            # (default: true) USE /dev/null
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Epic Eraser
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE XP Bucket
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Glider Wing
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pointer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden eye
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Hang Glider
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Height Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                           # (default: true) USE World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Luggage
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Paint Brush
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Pedometer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Badass Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Slimalyzer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sponge
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Squeegee
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Stencil
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tasty Clay
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                          # (default: true) USE EEPROM
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Hover Boots
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.item.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Analyzer
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Scrench
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.boots.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.legs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.steel.plate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t1.*                                              # (default: true) USE Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.apothecary.t2.*                                              # (default: true) USE Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t1.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.iceman.t2.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t1.*                                                # (default: true) USE Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.backpack.trackman.t2.*                                                # (default: true) USE Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.admin.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Admin Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.anchor.personal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Personal Anchor Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cargo Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.batbox.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Batbox Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.cesu.*                                                    # (default: true) USE CESU Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.energy.mfe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE MFE Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gift Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tank Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tnt.wood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Work Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.dust.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Emblem
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cut Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Refined Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                               # (default: true) USE Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                               # (default: true) USE Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Creosote Can
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Creosote Cell
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                            # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steam Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Coal Coke
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bleached Clay
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Controller Circuit
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Standard Rail
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rebar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Signal Lamp
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Tie
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Turbine Disk
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Routing Table
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.magic.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                             # (default: true) USE Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.void.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void metal Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Electric Meter
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                               # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Signal Label
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Signal Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.axe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shears.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Shears
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.steel.sword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.upgrade.lapotron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lapotron Loader Upgrade.name
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.biomeCapsule.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Biome Capsule
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.biomePainter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Biome Painter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.bloodStone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bloodstone
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeChestGenerator.*                                           # (default: true) USE Creative Chest Generator
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeGrower.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Creative Grower
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.creativeSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Creative Sword
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.dropFilter.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Drop Filter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.enderLetter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ender Letter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.filter.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Block Filter
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.ginto.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Empty Ginto
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.imbue.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Flask of Poison
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.ingredient.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Player Core
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.magneticForce.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Magnetic Force
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.opSpectreKey.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Op Spectre Key
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.soundRecorder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sound Recorder
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreBoots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spectre Boots
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreChestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spectre Chestplate
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreHelmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spectre Helmet
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreKey.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Spectre Key
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreLeggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spectre Leggings
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spectreSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spectre Sword
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.spiritBinder.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spirit Binder
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.voidStone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Stone
fe.protection.use.RandomThings.whitestone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE White Stone [Uncharged]
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_book.*                                           # (default: true) USE ReactorCraft Handbook
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_breederfuel.*                                    # (default: true) USE Breeder Reactor Fuel (0% Converted)
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_bucket.*                                         # (default: true) USE Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_canister.*                                       # (default: true) USE Empty Canister
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_cleanup.*                                        # (default: true) USE Radiation Cleanup Tool (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_crafting.*                                       # (default: true) USE Fuel Canister
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_depleted.*                                       # (default: true) USE Depleted Uranium
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_fluorite.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blue Fluorite Crystal
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_fuel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Uranium Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_geiger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Geiger Counter
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_goggles.*                                        # (default: true) USE Radiation Goggles
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazboots.*                                       # (default: true) USE Hazmat Boots
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazchest.*                                       # (default: true) USE Hazmat Chest
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazhelmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Hazmat Helmet
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_hazlegs.*                                        # (default: true) USE Hazmat Legs
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_ingots.*                                         # (default: true) USE Raw Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_ironfinder.*                                     # (default: true) USE Magnetic Ore Finder
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_magnet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Permanent Magnet (1.000 mT)
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_oldpellet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Depleted TRISO Fuel
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_pellet.*                                         # (default: true) USE TRISO Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_placer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fuel Core
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_plutonium.*                                      # (default: true) USE Plutonium Fuel Pellet (Fresh)
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_raw.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hydrogen Fluoride
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_remote.*                                         # (default: true) USE Reactor CPU Remote Control
fe.protection.use.ReactorCraft.reactorcraft_item_waste.*                                          # (default: true) USE Nuclear Waste
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_advgear.*                                          # (default: true) USE Worm Gear
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedaxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bedrock Axe
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedboots.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bedrock Boots
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedchest.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bedrock Chestplate
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedgrafter.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bedrock Grafter
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedhelm.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bedrock Helmet
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedhoe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bedrock Hoe
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedjump.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bedrock Spring Boots
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedlegs.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bedrock Leggings
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedpack.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bedrock Jetpack
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedpick.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bedrock Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedreveal.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bedrock Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsaw.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bedrock Handsaw
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedshears.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bedrock Shears
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedshovel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bedrock Shovel
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsickle.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bedrock Scythe
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bedsword.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bedrock Sword
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_borecraft.*                                        # (default: true) USE Drill
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_bucket.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lubricant Bucket
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_canola.*                                           # (default: true) USE Canola Seeds
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_compacts.*                                         # (default: true) USE Anthracite
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_craftpattern.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crafting Pattern
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_customextract.*                                    # (default: true) USE Null Ore Item
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_customingot.*                                      # (default: true) USE Null Ore Item
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_debug.*                                            # (default: true) USE Magic Wand
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_disk.*                                             # (default: true) USE Music Box Record
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_engine.*                                           # (default: true) USE DC Electric Engine
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_enginecraft.*                                      # (default: true) USE Impeller
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_ethanol.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ethanol Crystals
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_extracts.*                                         # (default: true) USE Coal Ore Dust
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_fireball.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fireball Launcher (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_flamethrower.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.flamethrower (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_flywheel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Wood Flywheel
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_fuel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Portable Backup Fuel Tank
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearbox.*                                          # (default: true) USE Wood 2:1 Gearbox
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearunits.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wood 2x Gear Unit
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gearupgrade.*                                      # (default: true) USE Integrated Gearbox Upgrade
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_grafter.*                                          # (default: true) USE Spring-Powered Grafter (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_gravelgun.*                                        # (default: true) USE Gravel Gun (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_handbook.*                                         # (default: true) USE RotaryCraft Handbook
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_handcraft.*                                        # (default: true) USE Handheld Crafting Tool
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_iogoggles.*                                        # (default: true) USE I/O Goggles
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_jetpack.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ethanol Jetpack
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_jump.*                                             # (default: true) USE Spring Boots (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_key.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cannon Key
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_machine.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bedrock Breaker
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_meter.*                                            # (default: true) USE Angular Transducer
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_minecart.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ethanol Minecart
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_misccraft.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heat Ray Barrel
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modextracts.*                                      # (default: true) USE Tin Dust
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modingots.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tin Ingot
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_modinterface.*                                     # (default: true) USE Slippery Comb
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_motion.*                                           # (default: true) USE Motion Tracker (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_nvg.*                                              # (default: true) USE Night Vision Goggles (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_powders.*                                          # (default: true) USE Netherrack Dust
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_pump.*                                             # (default: true) USE Spring-Powered Pump (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_railgun.*                                          # (default: true) USE RailGun Ammunition (1 kg)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_rangefinder.*                                      # (default: true) USE Range Finder (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_screwdriver.*                                      # (default: true) USE Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shaft.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wood Shaft
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shaftcraft.*                                       # (default: true) USE Base Panel
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_shell.*                                            # (default: true) USE Explosive Shell
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_slide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Projector Slide (0)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_spawner.*                                          # (default: true) USE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_spring.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wind Spring (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelaxe.*                                         # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelboots.*                                       # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelchest.*                                       # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelhelmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelhoe.*                                         # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steellegs.*                                        # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelpack.*                                        # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Jetpack
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelpick.*                                        # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelshears.*                                      # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Shears
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelshovel.*                                      # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelsickle.*                                      # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Scythe
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_steelsword.*                                       # (default: true) USE HSLA Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_strongcoil.*                                       # (default: true) USE High-Strength Spring (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_stungun.*                                          # (default: true) USE Knockback Gun (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_target.*                                           # (default: true) USE TNT Cannon Targeting Aid
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_tileselector.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tile Selector
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_ultrasound.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ultrasound (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_upgrade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Performance Engine Upgrade
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_vacuum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Vacuum (0 kJ)
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_worldedit.*                                        # (default: true) USE WorldEdit Tool
fe.protection.use.RotaryCraft.rotarycraft_item_yeast.*                                            # (default: true) USE Yeast
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.bandwidthupgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Item Router: Bandwidth upgrade
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.itemcamouflageupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) USE Camouflage Device
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.itemejectupgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Item Router: Auto-Eject upgrade
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.itemfilterupgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Item Router: Itemfilter upgrade
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.itemportablecraft.*                                                # (default: true) USE Portable Crafting
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.itemrouterblock.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Item Router
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.itemthoroughupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Item Router: Thorough upgrade
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.itemwrench.*                                                       # (default: true) USE RR Wrench
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.machineupgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Item Router: Machinefilter upgrade
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE RR Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.routerManual.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Router Reborn Manual
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.speedupgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Item Router: Speed boost upgrade
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.upgradechestadvancedeject.*                                        # (default: true) USE Upgrade Eject Advanced
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.upgradechestadvancedextract.*                                      # (default: true) USE Upgrade Extract Advanced
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.upgradechesteject.*                                                # (default: true) USE Upgrade Eject Basic
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.upgradechestextract.*                                              # (default: true) USE Upgrade Extract Basic
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.upgradechestitemfilter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Upgrade Item filter Basic
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.upgradechestitemfilteradvanced.*                                   # (default: true) USE Upgrade Item filter Advanced
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.upgradechestpackager.*                                             # (default: true) USE Upgrade Packager Basic
fe.protection.use.RouterReborn.upgradechestpackageradvanced.*                                     # (default: true) USE Upgrade Packager Advanced
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.personalKey.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Personal Key
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.shroudKey.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Concealment Key
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.tape.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Packing Tape
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgrade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.upgrade.name
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeCreative.*                                                # (default: true) USE Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeLock.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Drawer Key
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                                                # (default: true) USE Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeStatus.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.name
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Upgrade Template
fe.protection.use.StorageDrawers.upgradeVoid.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Void Upgrade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ArrowAmmo.*                                                          # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.BoltAmmo.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.BoltPart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Bolt
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Boneana.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Broadsword
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.BowLimbPart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Bow Limb
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Cast.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Shuriken Cast
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Crossbow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.CrossbowBodyPart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wooden Crossbow Body
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.CrossbowLimbPart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wooden Crossbow Limb
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.GlassArrows.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.glassArrows.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Javelin.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.LongBow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Pattern.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Shuriken Pattern
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ShortBow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.Shuriken.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ShurikenPart.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Shuriken
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.ThrowingKnife.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.InfiTool.name
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.arrowhead.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Arrowhead
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.battleaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Battleaxe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.battlesign.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Battlesign
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.binding.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Binding
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.blankPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blank Pattern
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.bootsWood.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Boots
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.bowstring.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bowstring
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.broadAxeHead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.broadsword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Broadsword
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.buckets.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Iron Bucket
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.chestplateWood.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.chisel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.chiselHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.cleaver.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cleaver
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.creativeModifier.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Creative Tool Modifier
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.crossbar.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Crossbar
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.cutlass.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cutlass
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.dagger.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Dagger
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.diamondApple.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Jeweled Apple
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.excavator.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Excavator
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.excavatorHead.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Excavator Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.fletching.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Feather Fletching
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.frypan.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Frying Pan
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.frypanHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Pan
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.fullGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Full Guard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.gearCast.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gear Cast
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.goldHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Golden Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hammer.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hammerHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.handGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Hand Guard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hatchet.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Hatchet
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.hatchetHead.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.heartCanister.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Empty Canister
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.heavyPlate.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Large Plate
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.helmetWood.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.jerky.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Beef Jerky
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.knapsack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Knapsack
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.knifeBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.largeSwordBlade.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wooden Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.leggingsWood.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.longsword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Longsword
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lumber Axe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.manualBook.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Materials and You: Volume 1
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.materials.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Paper Stack
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.mattock.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Mattock
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.metalPattern.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ingot Cast
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.oreBerries.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.pickaxe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.pickaxeHead.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.potionLauncher.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Potion Launcher
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.rapier.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Rapier
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.scythe.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Scythe
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.scytheBlade.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Scythe Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.shovel.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Shovel
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.shovelHead.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.signHead.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Sign Head
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.strangeFood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gelatinous Slime
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.swordBlade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.titleIcon.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spawn Blue Slime
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toolRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Tool Rod
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toolShard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Shard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toughBinding.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Tough Binding
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.toughRod.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Tough Rod
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelBelt.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Traveller's Belt
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelBoots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Traveller's Boots
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelGlove.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Traveller's Gloves
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelGoggles.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelVest.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Traveller's Vest
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.travelWings.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Traveller's Wings
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.wideGuard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Wide Guard
fe.protection.use.TConstruct.woodPattern.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.Pattern.ingot.name
fe.protection.use.TMechworks.LengthWire.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Length of Wire
fe.protection.use.TMechworks.SpoolWire.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spool of Wire
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemCrystalDagger.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crystal Dagger
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusEldritch.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Dark Matter
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMageMace.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Mage's Mace
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusMeteorology.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Meteorology
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaint.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Tainted Storm
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTaintedBlast.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Tainted Shockwave
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusTime.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Time
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemFocusVisShard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Vis Shard
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemKatana.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Blade
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemMagicFunguar.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Magic Funguar
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemMaterial.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Ingot
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemPrimordialEdge.*                                               # (default: true) USE Edge of the Primordials
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Shadow Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Shadow Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowFortressLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) USE Shadow Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Hatchet
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalHoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Hoe
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalPick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSpade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Spade
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemShadowmetalSword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Sword
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemThaumicDisassembler.*                                          # (default: true) USE Thaumic Disassembler
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidFortressLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidmetalGoggles.*                                             # (default: true) USE Voidmetal Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidsentBlood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Phial of Voidsent Blood
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerBoots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Boots of the Voidwalker
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemVoidwalkerSash.*                                               # (default: true) USE Voidwalker's Sash of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemWandCap.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Shadowmetal Cap
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemWandRod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Warpwood Rod
fe.protection.use.TaintedMagic.ItemWarpedGoggles.*                                                # (default: true) USE Warped Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ArcaneDoorKey.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Arcane Key
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.BlockJarFilledItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jar of Essentia
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.BlockJarNodeItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Node in a Jar
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.BootsTraveller.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Boots of the Traveler
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusExcavation.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Excavation
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusFire.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Fire
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusFrost.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Frost
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusHellbat.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Nine Hells
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPech.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Pech's Curse
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPortableHole.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Portable Hole
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPouch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Focus Pouch
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusPrimal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Primal
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusShock.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Shock
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusTrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Equal Trade
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.FocusWarding.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Warding
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.GolemBell.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.HandMirror.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.HoverHarness.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Amulet of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAmuletVis.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vis Stone
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemArcaneDoor.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Arcane Door
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeElemental.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeThaumium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemAxeVoid.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Axe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBathSalts.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBaubleBlanks.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsCultist.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsRobe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBootsVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Boots
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBottleTaint.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bottled Taint
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBowBone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bow of Bone
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketDeath.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bucket of Liquid Death
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemBucketPure.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bucket of Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistLeaderPlate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistPlate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateCultistRobe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateFortress.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateRobe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateThaumium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoid.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Void Chestplate
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemChestplateVoidFortress.*                                         # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemCompassStone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sinister Lodestone
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemCrystalEssence.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crystallized Essence
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemEldritchObject.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Eldritch Eye
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemEssence.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Glass Phial
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleHover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumostatic Girdle
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGirdleRunic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Girdle of Runic Shielding
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGoggles.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemCore.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golem Animation Core
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemDecoration.*                                                # (default: true) USE Accessory: Top Hat
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemPlacer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Straw Golem
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemGolemUpgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golem Upgrade: Air
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistLeaderPlate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistPlate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetCultistRobe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetFortress.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Helm
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHelmetVoidFortress.*                                             # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeElemental.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeThaumium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemHoeVoid.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Void Hoe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemInkwell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistLeaderPlate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistPlate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsCultistRobe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsFortress.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsRobe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsThaumium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoid.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLeggingsVoidFortress.*                                           # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemLootBag.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Common Treasure
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemManaBean.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mana Bean
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNugget.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetBeef.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Beef Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetChicken.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chicken Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetFish.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Fish Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemNuggetPork.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pork Nugget
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPickThaumium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPickVoid.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPickaxeElemental.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemPrimalCrusher.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Primal Crusher
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemResearchNotes.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Research Notes
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemResonator.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemResource.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Alumentum
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemRingRunic.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ring of Protection
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSanityChecker.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sanity Checker
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSanitySoap.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShard.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Air Shard
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelElemental.*                                                # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelThaumium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemShovelVoid.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Shovel
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSpawnerEgg.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Spawn Angry Zombie
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordCrimson.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Blade
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordElemental.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemSwordVoid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Sword
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumometer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumometer
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemThaumonomicon.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemWispEssence.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ethereal Essence
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.ItemZombieBrain.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Zombie Brain
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.PrimalArrow.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Air Arrow
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.TripleMeatTreat.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.TrunkSpawner.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Traveling Trunk
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.WandCap.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Cap
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.WandCasting.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.use.Thaumcraft.WandRod.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Greatwood Rod
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.amuletMirror.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mirrored Amulet
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.barChocolate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.boatGreatwood.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Greatwood Boat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.boatThaumium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Boat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.bucketChocolate.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milk Bucket
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.corpseEffigy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Corpse Effigy
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.crystalWand.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inert Crystal Wand
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.dummy.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Cow
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.dummyVat.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.vat.name
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.eggIncubated.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incubated Egg
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusAnimation.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Animation
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusContainment.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Containment
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusDisintegration.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Disintegration
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusIllumination.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Illumination (Black)
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.focusLiquefaction.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Liquefaction
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.goldEgg.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Egg
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.golemPlacer.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Animated Golem
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.golemPowder.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golem Animation Powder
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.iceCream.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.infusionCheat.*                                                 # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.infusionSelfCheat.*                                             # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.injector.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Injector
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.inkEgg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tenebrous Egg
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.keystoneTH.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Planar Keystone
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensAir.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kirlian Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensCase.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Lens Case
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensEarth.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Evanescent Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensFire.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Illumine Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensOrderEntropy.*                                              # (default: true) USE Scholar's Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.lensWater.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Echo Lens
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.meatCookedTH.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Unidentifiable Cooked Meat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.meatNuggetTH.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Unidentifiable Meat Nugget
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.meatTH.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Unidentifiable Meat
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.nodeCheat.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Node Opener
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.nutrients.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Nutrient Mix
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.planarConduit.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Planar Conduit
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.spawnerEgg.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spawn Chromatic Sheep
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.suicidePill.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Suicide Injection
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBlood.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blood Syringe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeBloodSample.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blood Sample: INVALID
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeEmpty.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Warded Syringe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.syringeInjection.*                                              # (default: true) USE Injection
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.voidPutty.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Putty
fe.protection.use.ThaumicHorizons.wandCastingDisposable.*                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Capped Wooden Wand
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.blockTalisman.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Hole Ring
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.bloodSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.brightNitor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hyperenergetic Nitor
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.catAmulet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Feline Amulet
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.cleansingTalisman.*                                             # (default: true) USE Talisman of Remedium
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.connector.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Transvector Binder
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.darkQuartzItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDeflect.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Distortion
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusDislocation.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Dislocation
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusEnderChest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Ender Rift
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusFlight.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Uprising
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusHeal.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Mending
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusRecall.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Celestial Recall
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusShadowbeam.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Shadowbeam
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusSmelt.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Efreet's Flame
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusTelekinesis.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Telekinesis
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.focusXPDrain.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Experience Drain
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.gasRemover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Fume Dissipator
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousLightItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gaseous Illuminae
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.gaseousShadowItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Gaseous Tenebrae
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorAxeGem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPickGem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorPouch.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bottomless Pouch
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorShovelGem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorSwordGem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBoots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothBootsGem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothChestGem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothHelmGem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.ichorclothLegsGem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedGrain.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Imbued Grain
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedInkwell.*                                                # (default: true) USE Infused Scribing Tools (NYI)
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedPotion.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Potion of Aer
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.infusedSeeds.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Infused Seeds
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.kamiResource.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ichor
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.mobAspect.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soul Aspect
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.placementMirror.*                                               # (default: true) USE Worldshaper's Looking Glass
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.protoclay.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Protoclay
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.revealingHelm.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.shareBook.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.skyPearl.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Celestial Pearl
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.soulMould.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soul Mould
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.spellCloth.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.use.ThaumicTinkerer.xpTalisman.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Talisman of Withhold
fe.protection.use.Translocator.diamondNugget.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.use.UniDict.cratedIngotBronze.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.UniDict.cratedIngotSilver.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crated null
fe.protection.use.ae2stuff.Visualiser.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.use.ae2stuff.WirelessKit.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.boosterBG.*                                                              # (default: true) USE item.boosterBG.name
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.infinityBoosterCard.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Infinity Booster Card
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.infinityBoosterIcon.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.null.name
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.magnetCard.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Magnet Card
fe.protection.use.ae2wct.wirelessCraftingTerminal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_adamant.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Adamant Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_adamantine.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Adamantine Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_adamantium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Adamantium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_americium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Americium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_angmallen.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Angmallen Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_antimony.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Antimony Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_anycopper.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten AnyCopper Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_anyiron.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten AnyIron Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_arsenic.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Arsenic Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_astralsilver.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Molten AstralSilver Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_atlarus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Atlarus Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_beryllium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Beryllium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_bismuth.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Bismuth Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_cadmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Cadmium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_caesium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Caesium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_carmot.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Carmot Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_celenegil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Celenegil Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_cerium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Cerium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_ceruclase.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Ceruclase Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_chrome.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Chrome Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_darkiron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten DarkIron Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_darksteel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten DarkSteel Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_deepiron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten DeepIron Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_desh.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Molten Desh Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_draconium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Draconium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_dysprosium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Dysprosium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_electrum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Electrum Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_elntungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Molten Tungsten Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_erbium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Erbium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_europium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Europium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_eximite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Eximite Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_force.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Molten Force Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_gadolinium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Gadolinium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_gallium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Gallium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_haderoth.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Haderoth Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_heeendium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Endium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_hepatizon.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Hepatizon Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_holmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Holmium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_indium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Indium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_infuscolium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Molten Infuscolium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_infusedgold.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Molten InfusedGold Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_inolashite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Inolashite Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_iridium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Iridium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_lanthanum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Lanthanum Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_lutetium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Lutetium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_magnesium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Magnesium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_manganese.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Manganese Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_meteoriciron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Molten MeteoricIron Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_midasium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Midasium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_mithril.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Mithril Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_molybdenum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Molybdenum Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_naquadah.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Naquadah Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_naquadahenriched.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Molten NaquadahEnriched Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_naquadria.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Naquadria Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_neodymium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Neodymium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_neutronium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Neutronium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_niobium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Niobium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_orichalcum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Orichalcum Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_osmium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Osmium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_oureclase.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Oureclase Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_palladium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Palladium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_pigiron.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten PigIron Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_plutonium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Plutonium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_plutonium241.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Molten Plutonium241 Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_praseodymium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Molten Praseodymium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_prometheum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Prometheum Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_promethium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Promethium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_rubidium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Rubidium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_rutile.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Rutile Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_samarium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Samarium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_sanguinite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Sanguinite Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_scandium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Scandium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_shadow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Molten Shadow Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_shadowiron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten ShadowIron Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_silicon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Silicon Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_tantalum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Tantalum Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_tartarite.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Tartarite Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_tellurium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Tellurium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_terbium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Terbium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_thorium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Thorium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_thulium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Thulium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_titanium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Titanium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_tritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Tritanium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_tungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Tungsten Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_uranium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Uranium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_uranium235.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molten Uranium235 Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_vanadium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molten Vanadium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_vulcanite.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Vulcanite Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_vyroxeres.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Vyroxeres Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_ytterbium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Molten Ytterbium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_yttrium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Molten Yttrium Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.bottle_zinc.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Molten Zinc Bottle
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpAdamantium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Adamantium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpAluminium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpAmericium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Americium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpAngmallen.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Angmallen Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpAntimony.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Antimony Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpArdite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ardite Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpArsenic.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Arsenic Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpAstralSilver.*                                                        # (default: true) USE AstralSilver Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpAtlarus.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Atlarus Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpBeryllium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Beryllium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpBismuth.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bismuth Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpCadmium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cadmium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpCaesium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Caesium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpCarmot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Carmot Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpCelenegil.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Celenegil Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpCerium.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cerium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpCeruclase.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ceruclase Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpChrome.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Chrome Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpCobalt.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpDarkIron.*                                                            # (default: true) USE DarkIron Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpDarkSteel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE DarkSteel Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpDeepIron.*                                                            # (default: true) USE DeepIron Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpDesh.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Desh Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpDraconium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Draconium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpDysprosium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpElectrum.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Electrum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpElnTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpEndium.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Endium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpErbium.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Erbium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpEuropium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Europium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpEximite.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Eximite Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpForce.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Force Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpGadolinium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gadolinium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpGallium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Gallium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpHaderoth.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Haderoth Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpHeeEndium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Endium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpHepatizon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hepatizon Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpHolmium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Holmium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpIndium.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Indium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpInfuscolium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Infuscolium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpInfusedGold.*                                                         # (default: true) USE InfusedGold Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpInolashite.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Inolashite Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpIridium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Iridium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpLanthanum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Lanthanum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpLithium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Lithium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpLutetium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Lutetium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpMagnesium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Magnesium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpManganese.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Manganese Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpMeteoricIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE MeteoricIron Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpMidasium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Midasium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpMithril.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mithril Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpMolybdenum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molybdenum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpNaquadah.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Naquadah Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpNaquadahEnriched.*                                                    # (default: true) USE NaquadahEnriched Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpNaquadria.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Naquadria Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpNeodymium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Neodymium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpNeutronium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Neutronium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpNickel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Nickel Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpNiobium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Niobium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpOrichalcum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Orichalcum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpOureclase.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Oureclase Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPalladium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Palladium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPigIron.*                                                             # (default: true) USE PigIron Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPlatinum.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Platinum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPlutonium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Plutonium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPlutonium241.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Plutonium241 Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPraseodymium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Praseodymium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPrometheum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Prometheum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpPromethium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Promethium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpRubidium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rubidium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpRutile.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Rutile Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpSamarium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Samarium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpSanguinite.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Sanguinite Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpScandium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Scandium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpShadow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Shadow Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpShadowIron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ShadowIron Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpSilicon.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Silicon Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpTantalum.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tantalum Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpTartarite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tartarite Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpTellurium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tellurium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpTerbium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Terbium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpThorium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Thorium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpThulium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Thulium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpTitanium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Titanium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpTritanium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpTungsten.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpUranium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Uranium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpUranium235.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Uranium235 Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpVanadium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Vanadium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpVulcanite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Vulcanite Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpVyroxeres.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Vyroxeres Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpYtterbium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ytterbium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpYttrium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Yttrium Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clumpZinc.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Zinc Clump
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAdamant.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Adamant Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAdamantine.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Adamantine Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAdamantium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Adamantium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAmericium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Americium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAngmallen.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Angmallen Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAntimony.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Antimony Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAnyCopper.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native AnyCopper Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAnyIron.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native AnyIron Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Ardite Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterArsenic.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Arsenic Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAstralSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Native AstralSilver Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterAtlarus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Atlarus Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterBeryllium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Beryllium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterBismuth.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Bismuth Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterCadmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Cadmium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterCaesium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Caesium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterCarmot.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Carmot Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterCelenegil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Celenegil Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterCerium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Cerium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterCeruclase.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Ceruclase Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterChrome.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Chrome Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Cobalt Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterDarkIron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native DarkIron Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterDarkSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native DarkSteel Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterDeepIron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native DeepIron Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterDesh.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Native Desh Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Draconium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterDysprosium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Dysprosium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterElectrum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Electrum Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterElnTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterEndium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Endium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterErbium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Erbium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterEuropium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Europium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterEximite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Eximite Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterForce.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Native Force Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterGadolinium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Gadolinium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterGallium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Gallium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterHaderoth.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Haderoth Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterHeeEndium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Endium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterHepatizon.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Hepatizon Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterHolmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Holmium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterIndium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Indium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterInfuscolium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Native Infuscolium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterInfusedGold.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Native InfusedGold Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterInolashite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Inolashite Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterIridium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Iridium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterLanthanum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Lanthanum Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterLithium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Lithium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterLutetium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Lutetium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterMagnesium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Magnesium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterManganese.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Manganese Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterMeteoricIron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Native MeteoricIron Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterMidasium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Midasium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Mithril Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterMolybdenum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Molybdenum Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterNaquadah.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Naquadah Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterNaquadahEnriched.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Native NaquadahEnriched Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterNaquadria.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Naquadria Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterNeodymium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Neodymium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterNeutronium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Neutronium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Nickel Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterNiobium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Niobium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterOrichalcum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Orichalcum Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterOsmium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterOureclase.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Oureclase Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterPalladium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Palladium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterPigIron.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native PigIron Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Platinum Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterPlutonium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Plutonium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterPlutonium241.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Native Plutonium241 Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterPraseodymium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Native Praseodymium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterPrometheum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Prometheum Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterPromethium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Promethium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterRubidium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Rubidium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterRutile.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Rutile Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterSamarium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Samarium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterSanguinite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Sanguinite Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterScandium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Scandium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Native Shadow Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterShadowIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native ShadowIron Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterSilicon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Silicon Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterTantalum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Tantalum Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterTartarite.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Tartarite Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterTellurium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Tellurium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterTerbium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Terbium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterThorium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Thorium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterThulium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Thulium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterTitanium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Titanium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterTritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Tritanium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterUranium235.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Native Uranium235 Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterVanadium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Native Vanadium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterVulcanite.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Vulcanite Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterVyroxeres.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Vyroxeres Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterYtterbium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Native Ytterbium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterYttrium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Native Yttrium Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.clusterZinc.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Native Zinc Cluster
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedElnTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedHeeEndium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Endium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedArdite.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedDraconium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Draconium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedElnTungsten.*                                               # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedHeeEndium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Endium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedShadow.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedPurifiedTritanium.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Shadow Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crushedTritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Crushed Tritanium Ore
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalAdamantium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Adamantium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalAluminium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalAmericium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Americium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalAngmallen.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Angmallen Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalAntimony.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Antimony Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalArdite.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalArsenic.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Arsenic Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalAstralSilver.*                                                      # (default: true) USE AstralSilver Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalAtlarus.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Atlarus Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalBeryllium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Beryllium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalBismuth.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Bismuth Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalCadmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cadmium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalCaesium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Caesium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalCarmot.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Carmot Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalCelenegil.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Celenegil Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalCerium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cerium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalCeruclase.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ceruclase Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalChrome.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Chrome Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalCobalt.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalDarkIron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE DarkIron Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalDarkSteel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE DarkSteel Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalDeepIron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE DeepIron Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalDesh.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Desh Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalDraconium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Draconium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalDysprosium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalElectrum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Electrum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalElnTungsten.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalEndium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Endium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalErbium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Erbium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalEuropium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Europium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalEximite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Eximite Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalForce.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Force Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalGadolinium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Gadolinium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalGallium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gallium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalHaderoth.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Haderoth Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalHeeEndium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Endium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalHepatizon.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Hepatizon Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalHolmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Holmium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalIndium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Indium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalInfuscolium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Infuscolium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalInfusedGold.*                                                       # (default: true) USE InfusedGold Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalInolashite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Inolashite Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalIridium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iridium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalLanthanum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lanthanum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalLithium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Lithium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalLutetium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lutetium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalMagnesium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magnesium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalManganese.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Manganese Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalMeteoricIron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE MeteoricIron Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalMidasium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Midasium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalMithril.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Mithril Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalMolybdenum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Molybdenum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalNaquadah.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Naquadah Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalNaquadahEnriched.*                                                  # (default: true) USE NaquadahEnriched Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalNaquadria.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Naquadria Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalNeodymium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Neodymium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalNeutronium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Neutronium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalNickel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalNiobium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Niobium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalOrichalcum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Orichalcum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalOureclase.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Oureclase Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPalladium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Palladium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPigIron.*                                                           # (default: true) USE PigIron Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPlatinum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPlutonium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plutonium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPlutonium241.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Plutonium241 Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPraseodymium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Praseodymium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPrometheum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Prometheum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalPromethium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Promethium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalRubidium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rubidium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalRutile.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rutile Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalSamarium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Samarium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalSanguinite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sanguinite Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalScandium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Scandium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalShadow.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Shadow Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalShadowIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE ShadowIron Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalSilicon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Silicon Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalTantalum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tantalum Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalTartarite.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tartarite Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalTellurium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tellurium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalTerbium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Terbium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalThorium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Thorium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalThulium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Thulium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalTitanium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Titanium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalTritanium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tritanium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalTungsten.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalUranium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalUranium235.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Uranium235 Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalVanadium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Vanadium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalVulcanite.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Vulcanite Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalVyroxeres.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Vyroxeres Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalYtterbium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ytterbium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalYttrium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Yttrium Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.crystalZinc.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAdamant.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Adamant Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAdamantine.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Adamantine Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAdamantium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Adamantium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAluminium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAmericium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Americium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAngmallen.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Angmallen Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAntimony.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Antimony Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAnyCopper.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty AnyCopper Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAnyIron.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty AnyIron Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyArdite.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyArsenic.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Arsenic Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAstralSilver.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dirty AstralSilver Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyAtlarus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Atlarus Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyBeryllium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Beryllium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyBismuth.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Bismuth Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyCadmium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Cadmium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyCaesium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Caesium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyCarmot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Carmot Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyCelenegil.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Celenegil Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyCerium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Cerium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyCeruclase.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Ceruclase Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyChrome.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Chrome Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyCobalt.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyDarkIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty DarkIron Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyDarkSteel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty DarkSteel Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyDeepIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty DeepIron Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyDesh.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dirty Desh Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyDraconium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Draconium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyDysprosium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Dysprosium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyElectrum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Electrum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyElnTungsten.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Endium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyErbium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Erbium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyEuropium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Europium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyEximite.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Eximite Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyForce.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Dirty Force Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyGadolinium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Gadolinium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyGallium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Gallium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyHaderoth.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Haderoth Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyHeeEndium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Endium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyHepatizon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Hepatizon Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyHolmium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Holmium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyIndium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Indium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyInfuscolium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Dirty Infuscolium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyInfusedGold.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Dirty InfusedGold Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyInolashite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Inolashite Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyIridium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Iridium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyLanthanum.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Lanthanum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyLithium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Lithium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyLutetium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Lutetium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyMagnesium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyManganese.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Manganese Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyMeteoricIron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dirty MeteoricIron Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyMidasium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Midasium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyMithril.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Mithril Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyMolybdenum.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Molybdenum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadah.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Naquadah Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadahEnriched.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dirty NaquadahEnriched Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyNaquadria.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Naquadria Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyNeodymium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Neodymium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyNeutronium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Neutronium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyNickel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyNiobium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Niobium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyOrichalcum.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Orichalcum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyOureclase.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Oureclase Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPalladium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Palladium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPigIron.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty PigIron Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPlatinum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPlutonium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Plutonium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPlutonium241.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dirty Plutonium241 Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPraseodymium.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dirty Praseodymium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPrometheum.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Prometheum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyPromethium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Promethium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyRubidium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Rubidium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyRutile.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Rutile Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtySamarium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Samarium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtySanguinite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Sanguinite Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyScandium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Scandium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyShadow.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Shadow Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyShadowIron.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty ShadowIron Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtySilicon.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Silicon Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyTantalum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Tantalum Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyTartarite.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Tartarite Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyTellurium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Tellurium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyTerbium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Terbium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyThorium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Thorium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyThulium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Thulium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyTitanium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Titanium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyTritanium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyUranium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyUranium235.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Dirty Uranium235 Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyVanadium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Vanadium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyVulcanite.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Vulcanite Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyVyroxeres.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Vyroxeres Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyYtterbium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dirty Ytterbium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyYttrium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Yttrium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustDirtyZinc.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustHeeEndium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Endium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustShadow.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Shadow Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyArdite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyDraconium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Draconium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyElnTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyHeeEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Endium Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.dustTinyShadow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Shadow Dust
fe.protection.use.aobd.nuggetCadmium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cadmium Nugget
fe.protection.use.aobd.nuggetElnTungsten.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.use.aobd.nuggetHeeEndium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Endium Nugget
fe.protection.use.aobd.nuggetRutile.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Rutile Nugget
fe.protection.use.aobd.nuggetShadow.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Shadow Nugget
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAdamant.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Adamant Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAdamantine.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Adamantine Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAdamantium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Adamantium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAmericium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Americium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAngmallen.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Angmallen Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAntimony.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Antimony Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAnyCopper.*                                                        # (default: true) USE AnyCopper Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAnyIron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE AnyIron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryArdite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ardite Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryArsenic.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Arsenic Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAstralSilver.*                                                     # (default: true) USE AstralSilver Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryAtlarus.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Atlarus Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryBeryllium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Beryllium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryBismuth.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Bismuth Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryCadmium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cadmium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryCaesium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Caesium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryCarmot.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Carmot Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryCelenegil.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Celenegil Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryCerium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cerium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryCeruclase.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ceruclase Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryChrome.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Chrome Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryCobalt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Cobalt Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryDarkIron.*                                                         # (default: true) USE DarkIron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryDarkSteel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE DarkSteel Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryDeepIron.*                                                         # (default: true) USE DeepIron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryDesh.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Desh Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryDraconium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Draconium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryDysprosium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryElectrum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Electrum Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryElnTungsten.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tungsten Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryEndium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Endium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryErbium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Erbium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryEuropium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Europium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryEximite.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Eximite Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryForce.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Force Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryGadolinium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Gadolinium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryGallium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gallium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryHaderoth.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Haderoth Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryHeeEndium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Endium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryHepatizon.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Hepatizon Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryHolmium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Holmium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryIndium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Indium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryInfuscolium.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Infuscolium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryInfusedGold.*                                                      # (default: true) USE InfusedGold Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryInolashite.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Inolashite Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryIridium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iridium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryLanthanum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lanthanum Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryLead.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Lead Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryLithium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lithium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryLutetium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lutetium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryMagnesium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Magnesium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryManganese.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Manganese Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryMeteoricIron.*                                                     # (default: true) USE MeteoricIron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryMidasium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Midasium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryMithril.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mithril Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryMolybdenum.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Molybdenum Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryNaquadah.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Naquadah Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryNaquadahEnriched.*                                                 # (default: true) USE NaquadahEnriched Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryNaquadria.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Naquadria Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryNeodymium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Neodymium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryNeutronium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Neutronium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryNickel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Nickel Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryNiobium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Niobium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryOrichalcum.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Orichalcum Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryOsmium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Osmium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryOureclase.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Oureclase Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryPalladium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Palladium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryPigIron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE PigIron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryPlatinum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Platinum Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryPlutonium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Plutonium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryPlutonium241.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Plutonium241 Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryPraseodymium.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Praseodymium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryPrometheum.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Prometheum Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryPromethium.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Promethium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryRubidium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Rubidium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryRutile.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Rutile Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberrySamarium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Samarium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberrySanguinite.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sanguinite Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryScandium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Scandium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryShadow.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Shadow Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryShadowIron.*                                                       # (default: true) USE ShadowIron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberrySilicon.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Silicon Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberrySilver.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Silver Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryTantalum.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tantalum Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryTartarite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tartarite Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryTellurium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tellurium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryTerbium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Terbium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryThorium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Thorium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryThulium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Thulium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryTitanium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Titanium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryTritanium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tritanium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tungsten Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryUranium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Uranium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryUranium235.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Uranium235 Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryVanadium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Vanadium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryVulcanite.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Vulcanite Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryVyroxeres.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Vyroxeres Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryYtterbium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ytterbium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryYttrium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Yttrium Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.oreberryZinc.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Zinc Oreberry
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardAdamantium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Adamantium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardAluminium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardAmericium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Americium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardAngmallen.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Angmallen Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardAntimony.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Antimony Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardArdite.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Ardite Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardArsenic.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Arsenic Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardAstralSilver.*                                                        # (default: true) USE AstralSilver Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardAtlarus.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Atlarus Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardBeryllium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Beryllium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardBismuth.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bismuth Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardCadmium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Cadmium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardCaesium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Caesium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardCarmot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Carmot Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardCelenegil.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Celenegil Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardCerium.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cerium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardCeruclase.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ceruclase Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardChrome.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Chrome Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardCobalt.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardDarkIron.*                                                            # (default: true) USE DarkIron Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardDarkSteel.*                                                           # (default: true) USE DarkSteel Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardDeepIron.*                                                            # (default: true) USE DeepIron Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardDesh.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Desh Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardDraconium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Draconium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardDysprosium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dysprosium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardElectrum.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Electrum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardElnTungsten.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardEndium.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Endium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardErbium.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Erbium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardEuropium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Europium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardEximite.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Eximite Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardForce.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Force Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardGadolinium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gadolinium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardGallium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Gallium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardHaderoth.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Haderoth Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardHeeEndium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Endium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardHepatizon.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hepatizon Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardHolmium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Holmium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardIndium.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Indium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardInfuscolium.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Infuscolium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardInfusedGold.*                                                         # (default: true) USE InfusedGold Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardInolashite.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Inolashite Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardIridium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Iridium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardLanthanum.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Lanthanum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardLithium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Lithium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardLutetium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Lutetium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardMagnesium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Magnesium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardManganese.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Manganese Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardMeteoricIron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE MeteoricIron Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardMidasium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Midasium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardMithril.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mithril Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardMolybdenum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Molybdenum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardNaquadah.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Naquadah Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardNaquadahEnriched.*                                                    # (default: true) USE NaquadahEnriched Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardNaquadria.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Naquadria Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardNeodymium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Neodymium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardNeutronium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Neutronium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardNickel.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Nickel Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardNiobium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Niobium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardOrichalcum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Orichalcum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardOureclase.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Oureclase Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPalladium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Palladium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPigIron.*                                                             # (default: true) USE PigIron Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPlatinum.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Platinum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPlutonium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Plutonium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPlutonium241.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Plutonium241 Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPraseodymium.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Praseodymium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPrometheum.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Prometheum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardPromethium.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Promethium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardRubidium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Rubidium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardRutile.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Rutile Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardSamarium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Samarium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardSanguinite.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Sanguinite Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardScandium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Scandium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardShadow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Shadow Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardShadowIron.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ShadowIron Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardSilicon.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Silicon Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardTantalum.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tantalum Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardTartarite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tartarite Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardTellurium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tellurium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardTerbium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Terbium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardThorium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Thorium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardThulium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Thulium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardTitanium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Titanium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardTritanium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardTungsten.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardUranium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Uranium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardUranium235.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Uranium235 Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardVanadium.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Vanadium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardVulcanite.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Vulcanite Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardVyroxeres.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Vyroxeres Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardYtterbium.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ytterbium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardYttrium.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Yttrium Shard
fe.protection.use.aobd.shardZinc.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Zinc Shard
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.16k.*                             # (default: true) USE 16k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.1k.*                              # (default: true) USE 1k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.4k.*                              # (default: true) USE 4k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemBasicStorageCell.64k.*                             # (default: true) USE 64k ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCreativeStorageCell.*                              # (default: true) USE Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemCrystalSeed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemEncodedPattern.*                                   # (default: true) USE Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiMaterial.*                                    # (default: true) USE This Item Is Disabled.
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemMultiPart.*                                        # (default: true) USE ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemPaintBall.*                                        # (default: true) USE Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.128Cubed.*                      # (default: true) USE 128³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.16Cubed.*                       # (default: true) USE 16³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemSpatialStorageCell.2Cubed.*                        # (default: true) USE 2³ Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ItemViewCell.*                                         # (default: true) USE View Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolBiometricCard.*                                    # (default: true) USE Biometric Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzAxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzCuttingKnife.*                         # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzHoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzPickaxe.*                              # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSpade.*                                # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzSword.*                                # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolCertusQuartzWrench.*                               # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolChargedStaff.*                                     # (default: true) USE Charged Staff
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolColorApplicator.*                                  # (default: true) USE Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolEntropyManipulator.*                               # (default: true) USE Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMassCannon.*                                       # (default: true) USE Matter Cannon
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolMemoryCard.*                                       # (default: true) USE Memory Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzAxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzCuttingKnife.*                         # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzHoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzPickaxe.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSpade.*                                # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzSword.*                                # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetherQuartzWrench.*                               # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolNetworkTool.*                                      # (default: true) USE Network Tool
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolPortableCell.*                                     # (default: true) USE Portable Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.item.ToolWirelessTerminal.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.drillhead.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Drill Head
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.impulse_boots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Impulse Boots
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.wand_upgradeable.*                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Capped Treated Wood Wand
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.wandcap.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Wand Cap
fe.protection.use.arcane_engineering.wandupgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Vis Capacitor
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainer.*                                             # (default: true) USE Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerChest.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chest Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerFeet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Feet Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerHead.*                                         # (default: true) USE Head Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourContainerLegs.*                                         # (default: true) USE Legs Armour Container
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.armourersHammer.*                                             # (default: true) USE Armourers Hammer
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.blockMarker.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Block Marker
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.burnTool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Burn Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.colourNoiseTool.*                                             # (default: true) USE Colour Noise Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.colourPicker.*                                                # (default: true) USE Colour Picker
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.debugTool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Debug Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.dodgeTool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dodge Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.dyeBottle.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dye Bottle
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkin.*                                               # (default: true) USE Equipment Skin
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.equipmentSkinTemplate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Equipment Skin Template
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.guideBook.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Guide Book
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.hueTool.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hue Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.mannequinTool.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mannequin Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.paintRoller.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Paint Roller
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.paintbrush.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.shadeNoiseTool.*                                              # (default: true) USE Shade Noise Tool
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.soap.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Soap
fe.protection.use.armourersWorkshop.wandOfStyle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wand Of Style
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.backpack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Black Backpack
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.backpack_pouch.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Backpack Pouch
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.backpack_resizer.*                                               # (default: true) USE Backpack Resizer
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.backpack_restorer.*                                              # (default: true) USE Backpack Restorer
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.quantum_backpack.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quantum Backpack
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.unknown_item.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Unknown Item
fe.protection.use.betterbuilderswands.wandDiamond.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Wand
fe.protection.use.betterbuilderswands.wandIron.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Wand
fe.protection.use.betterbuilderswands.wandStone.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Wand
fe.protection.use.betterbuilderswands.wandUnbreakable.*                                           # (default: true) USE Unbreakable Wand
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.aspectProcessor.*                                         # (default: true) USE MRU == Aspect Matrix
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.aspectTransvector.*                                       # (default: true) USE MRU Aspect Directer
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedElementalCore.*                                   # (default: true) USE Awakened Elemental Core
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedMagicalAlloys.*                                   # (default: true) USE Awakened Magical Alloys
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.awakenedMagicalPlate.*                                    # (default: true) USE Awakened Magical Plate
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.cap_inert.*                                               # (default: true) USE MRU Wand Cap (Inert)
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_MRUMovement.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: MRU Movement
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_ender.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: MRU Teleportation
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_fortification.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: MRU Fortification
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_lifedrain.*                                          # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: MRU Lifedrain
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_light.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: MRU Lights
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_mruInfusion.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: MRU Infusion
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.foci_sanity.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: MRU Sanity
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.gemChaos.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chaotic Gem
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.gemFrozen.*                                               # (default: true) USE Frozen Gem
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.inertInteractor.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inert MRU Matrix Interactor
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.inkwellmru.*                                              # (default: true) USE MRU Powered Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.matrixInteractor.*                                        # (default: true) USE MRU Matrix Interactor
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.monocle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Monocle Of Revealing
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.mruCap.*                                                  # (default: true) USE MRU Wand Cap
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.pearl.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Overcharged Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.primordialCore.*                                          # (default: true) USE Primordial MRU Core
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.shade_protector.*                                         # (default: true) USE SHADE Protector
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.staffRod.*                                                # (default: true) USE MRU Staff Rod
fe.protection.use.essenthaum.essenthaum.wandRod.*                                                 # (default: true) USE MRU Wand Rod
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.aFocus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Windy Focus
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.air_potion.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Air Potion
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.bauble.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mystical Accessory
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.baublesCore.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Portable Matrix Destructor
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.biomeWand.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Biome Wand
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.boots_inq.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Inquisitorium Boots
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.boots_magic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE MHS Boots
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.boots_void.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Boots
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.boots_wind.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wind Mage Boots
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.bottledWind.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bottled Wind
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.bound_gem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bound Gem
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.chaosFork.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chaos Fork
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.charm.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Elemental Charm
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.chest_inq.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Inquisitorium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.chest_magic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE MHS Chestplate
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.chest_void.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Void Chestplate
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.chest_wind.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wind Mage Robe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.collectedSpawner.*                                               # (default: true) USE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.computerBoard.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Computer Guy's Antigravitational Board
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.computer_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Computer Guy's Boots
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.computer_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Computer Guy's Chestplate
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.computer_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Computer Guy's Helmet
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.computer_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) USE Computer Guy's Leggings
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.controlRod.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Control Rod
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.craftingFrame.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crafting Frame
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.dividerGun.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Divider's Gun
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.drops.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Flame Drops
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.eFocus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Earthen Focus
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.elementalFuel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fire Elemental Fuel
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.elementalSword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Elemental Sword
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.elemental_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Elemental Axe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.elemental_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Elemental Hoe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.elemental_pick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Elemental Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.elemental_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Elemental Shovel
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.elemental_sword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Elemental Sword
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.ember.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Acidic Ember
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.emeraldHeart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Emerald Heart
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.entityEgg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Spawn Entity: MRUCU
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.essence.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Fire Essence
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.mruMover1.*                                       # (default: true) USE MRUCU Moving Wand
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.essentialcraft.testItem.*                                        # (default: true) USE [DEV ONLY]
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.fFocus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Fiery Focus
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.frozenMace.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Frozen Mace
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.fruit_Item.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.essentialcraft:fruit_Item.name
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.genItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Combined Magical Alloys
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.gun.gatling.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Gatling Gun
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.gun.pistol.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pistol
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.gun.rifle.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Assault Rifle
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.gun.sniper.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sniper Rifle
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.helm_inq.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Inquisitorium Helm
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.helm_magic.*                                                     # (default: true) USE MHS Helm
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.helm_void.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Helm
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.helm_wind.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wind Mage Hood
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.holyMace.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Holy Mace
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.imprisonedWind.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Imprisoned Wind
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.inventoryGem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inventory Gem
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.itemFilter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Magical Inventory Node Filter
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.legs_inq.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Inquisitorium Leggings
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.legs_magic.*                                                     # (default: true) USE MHS Leggings
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.legs_void.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Void Leggings
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.legs_wind.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wind Mage Leggings
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicMonocle.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Magical Monocle
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicWaterBottle.*                                               # (default: true) USE Magical Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicalAlloy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Magmatic Alloy
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicalBuilder.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Magical Building Wand
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicalChisel.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Magical Chisel
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicalDigger.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Magical Digger
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicalLantern.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Magical Lantern
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicalPorkchop.*                                                # (default: true) USE Magical Porkchop
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicalShield.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Magical Shield
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicalSlag.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Magical Slag
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magicalWings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Magical Wings
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magmaticStaff.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Magmatic Staff
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.magnetizingStaff.*                                               # (default: true) USE Magnetizing Staff
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.mruMatrixProjection.*                                            # (default: true) USE MRUMP - Empty
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.mruMover_t2.*                                                    # (default: true) USE MRUCU Moving Wand Tier 2
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.orbitalRemote.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Remote Orbital Strike
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.playerList.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Player Whitelist
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.record.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Record
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.record_a.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Record
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.record_secret.*                                                  # (default: true) USE It's A Mystery!
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.research_book.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Research Book
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.robocalypse.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Holographic Record
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.secret.*                                                         # (default: true) USE 410 Bus Ticket
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.shadeKnife.*                                                     # (default: true) USE SHADE Corrupted Daggers
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.shadeSlasher.*                                                   # (default: true) USE SHADE Corrupted Cleaver
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.shadeSword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE SHADE Corrupted Sword
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.soul.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Captured Soul - Villager
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.soulScriber.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Soul Scriber
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.soulStone.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Soul Stone
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.spawnerCollector.*                                               # (default: true) USE Spawner Collector
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.spikyShield.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spiky Buckler
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.staffOfLife.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Staff Of Life
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.storage.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Soul Shard
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.titanite.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Titanite
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.twinkling_titanite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Twinkling Titanite
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wFocus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Watery Focus
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_axe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Weakened Elemental Axe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_hoe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Weakened Elemental Hoe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_pick.*                                            # (default: true) USE Weakened Elemental Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Weakened Elemental Shovel
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.weak_elemental_sword.*                                           # (default: true) USE Weakened Elemental Sword
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.windKeeper.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Trapped Wind
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.windTablet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wind Tablet
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wind_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wind Infused Boots
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wind_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wind Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_axe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wind Infused Axe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_hoe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wind Infused Hoe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_pick.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wind Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Wind Infused Shovel
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wind_elemental_sword.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wind Infused Sword
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wind_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wind Infused Helmet
fe.protection.use.essentialcraft.wind_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wind Infused Leggings
fe.protection.use.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                         # (default: true) USE null
fe.protection.use.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) USE ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.extracells.part.base.*                                                          # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Pattern [WIP]
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.casing.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.component.*                                                  # (default: true) USE 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                                      # (default: true) USE ME 1k Fluid Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                             # (default: true) USE ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                        # (default: true) USE ME 1k Gas Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                               # (default: true) USE ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.physical.*                                                   # (default: true) USE ME 256k Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wireless Universal Terminal
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ApiaryUpgrade.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Production Upgrade
fe.protection.use.gendustry.BeeReceptacle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ClimateModule.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Climate Control Module
fe.protection.use.gendustry.EjectCover.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.EnvProcessor.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Enviromental Processor
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ErrorSensorCover.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneSample.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gene Sample
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneSampleBlank.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneTemplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Genetic Template
fe.protection.use.gendustry.GeneticsProcessor.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Genetics Processor
fe.protection.use.gendustry.HiveSpawnDebugger.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.use.gendustry.HoneyComb.*                                                           # (default: true) USE invalid.name
fe.protection.use.gendustry.HoneyDrop.*                                                           # (default: true) USE invalid.name
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ImportCover.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Item Import Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.IndustrialGrafter.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.use.gendustry.IndustrialScoop.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.use.gendustry.Labware.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Genetics Labware
fe.protection.use.gendustry.LiquidDNABucket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Liquid DNA Bucket
fe.protection.use.gendustry.LiquidDNACan.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Liquid DNA Can
fe.protection.use.gendustry.MutagenBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mutagen Bucket
fe.protection.use.gendustry.MutagenCan.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mutagen Can
fe.protection.use.gendustry.MutagenTank.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.use.gendustry.PollenKit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.use.gendustry.PowerModule.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Power Module
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ProteinBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Protein Bucket
fe.protection.use.gendustry.ProteinCan.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Protein Can
fe.protection.use.gendustry.UpgradeFrame.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.use.gendustry.Waste.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Genetic Waste
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                           # (default: true) USE gt.180k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.180k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                           # (default: true) USE gt.360k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.360k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.*                                            # (default: true) USE gt.60k_Helium_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.*                                               # (default: true) USE gt.60k_NaK_Coolantcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Double_Thoriumcell.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.Double_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.*                                             # (default: true) USE gt.Double_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.GregTech_FluidDisplay.*                                             # (default: true) USE 
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.*                                                  # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.*                                               # (default: true) USE gt.Quad_ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.Thoriumcell.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.Thoriumcell.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.ThoriumcellDep.*                                                    # (default: true) USE gt.ThoriumcellDep.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.comb.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Lignite Comb
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.integrated_circuit.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.integrated_circuit.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.metaitem.01.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.metaitem.01.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.metaitem.02.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.metaitem.02.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.metaitem.03.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.metaitem.03.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.metatool.01.*                                                       # (default: true) USE gt.metatool.01.0.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.neutronreflector.*                                                  # (default: true) USE gt.neutronreflector.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXDual.*                                                    # (default: true) USE gt.reactorMOXDual.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXQuad.*                                                    # (default: true) USE gt.reactorMOXQuad.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorMOXSimple.*                                                  # (default: true) USE gt.reactorMOXSimple.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumDual.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.reactorUraniumDual.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumQuad.*                                                # (default: true) USE gt.reactorUraniumQuad.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.reactorUraniumSimple.*                                              # (default: true) USE gt.reactorUraniumSimple.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.gt.sensorcard.*                                                        # (default: true) USE gt.sensorcard.name
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modulararmor_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Basic Modular Armor Boots
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modulararmor_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) USE Basic Modular Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modulararmor_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Basic Modular Armor Helmet
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modulararmor_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) USE Basic Modular Armor Leggings
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric1_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Modular Exoskeleton Boots
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric1_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Modular Exoskeleton Chestplate
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric1_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Modular Exoskeleton Helmet
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric1_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Modular Exoskeleton Leggings
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric2_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Modular Nanosuit Boots
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric2_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Modular Nanosuit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric2_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Modular Nanosuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.gregtech.modularelectric2_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Modular Nanosuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                             # (default: true) USE LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                               # (default: true) USE Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.wireCoil.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fluix Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Furnace Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hopper Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Milk
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                                              # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.mo.android_pill.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Red Pill
fe.protection.use.mo.battery.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.mo.building_base.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Base
fe.protection.use.mo.building_matter_extractor.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Matter Extractor
fe.protection.use.mo.building_power_generator.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Power Generator
fe.protection.use.mo.building_residential.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Residential Buildings
fe.protection.use.mo.building_ship_hangar.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ship Hangar
fe.protection.use.mo.contract.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Contract
fe.protection.use.mo.creative_battery.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Creative Battery
fe.protection.use.mo.creative_pattern_drive.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Creative Pattern Drive
fe.protection.use.mo.data_pad.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Data Pad
fe.protection.use.mo.dilithium_crystal.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dilithium Crystal
fe.protection.use.mo.earl_gray_tea.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
fe.protection.use.mo.emergency_ration.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Emergency Ration
fe.protection.use.mo.energy_pack.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Pack
fe.protection.use.mo.forcefield_emitter.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Force Field Emitter
fe.protection.use.mo.h_compensator.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Heisenberg Compensator
fe.protection.use.mo.hc_battery.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE High Capacity Battery
fe.protection.use.mo.integration_matrix.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Integration Matrix
fe.protection.use.mo.ion_sniper.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Ion Sniper
fe.protection.use.mo.isolinear_circuit.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Isolinear Circuit Mk1
fe.protection.use.mo.machine_casing.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Machine Casing
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_container.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Empty Matter Container
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_container_full.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Full Matter Container
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_dust.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Matter Dust
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_dust_refined.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Refined Matter Dust
fe.protection.use.mo.matter_scanner.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Matter Scanner
fe.protection.use.mo.me_conversion_matrix.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Matter-Energy Conversion Matrix
fe.protection.use.mo.network_flash_drive.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Network Flash Drive
fe.protection.use.mo.omni_tool.*                                                                  # (default: true) USE Omni Tool
fe.protection.use.mo.pattern_drive.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Pattern Drive
fe.protection.use.mo.phaser.*                                                                     # (default: true) USE Phaser
fe.protection.use.mo.phaser_rifle.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Phaser Rifle
fe.protection.use.mo.plasma_core.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Plasma Core
fe.protection.use.mo.plasma_shotgun.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Plasma Shotgun
fe.protection.use.mo.portable_decomposer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Portable Decomposer
fe.protection.use.mo.romulan_ale.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Romulan Ale
fe.protection.use.mo.rouge_android_part.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Android Head
fe.protection.use.mo.s_magnet.*                                                                   # (default: true) USE Superconductor Magnet
fe.protection.use.mo.scout_ship.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Scout Ship
fe.protection.use.mo.security_protocol.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Security Protocol
fe.protection.use.mo.ship_colonizer.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Colonizer Ship
fe.protection.use.mo.ship_factory.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Ship Factory
fe.protection.use.mo.sniper_scope.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Sniper Scope
fe.protection.use.mo.spacetime_equalizer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Space-Time Equalizer
fe.protection.use.mo.transport_flash_drive.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Transport Flash Drive
fe.protection.use.mo.tritainum_spine.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tritanium Spine
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_axe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Tritanium Axe
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_boots.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tritanium Boots
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_chestplate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Tritanium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_dust.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Tritanium Dust
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_helmet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Helmet
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_hoe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Tritanium Hoe
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_ingot.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tritanium Ingot
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_leggings.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Tritanium Leggings
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_nugget.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Nugget
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_pickaxe.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tritanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_plate.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tritanium Plate
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_sword.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Tritanium Sword
fe.protection.use.mo.tritanium_wrench.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Tritanium Wrench
fe.protection.use.mo.upgrade.*                                                                    # (default: true) USE Upgrade Shell
fe.protection.use.mo.weapon_handle.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Weapon Handle
fe.protection.use.mo.weapon_module_barrel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Dilithium Focusing Matrix
fe.protection.use.mo.weapon_module_color.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Color Module (Red)
fe.protection.use.mo.weapon_receiver.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Weapon Receiver
fe.protection.use.rftools.advancedChargedPorterItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Charged Porter
fe.protection.use.rftools.blindnessEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blindness Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.buttonModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Button Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.chargedPorterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Charged Porter
fe.protection.use.rftools.clockModuleItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Clock Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.computerModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Computer Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.counterModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Counter Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.counterPlusModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Counter Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.developersDelightItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Developers Delight
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimensionModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dimension Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimensionMonitorItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dimension Monitor
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimensionalShardItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dimensional Shard
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletBaseItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dimlet Base Part
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletControlCircuitItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dimlet Control Circuit Rarity 0
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletEnergyModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dimlet Basic Energy Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletMemoryUnitItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dimlet Basic Memory Unit
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletTemplate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dimlet Template
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletTypeControllerItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dimlet Biome Type Controller
fe.protection.use.rftools.dimletTypeItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Dimlet Storage Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.efficiencyEssenceItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.use.rftools.emptyDimensionTab.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Empty Dimension Tab
fe.protection.use.rftools.energyModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Energy Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.energyPlusModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Energy Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.featherFallingEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Feather Falling Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.featherFallingPlusEModuleItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Feather Falling Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.flightEModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Flight Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.fluidModuleItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Fluid Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.fluidPlusModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fluid Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.genericTypeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Generic Storage Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.hasteEModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Haste Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.hastePlusEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Haste Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.infusedDiamondItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Infused Diamond
fe.protection.use.rftools.inventoryModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Inventory Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.inventoryPlusModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Inventory Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.knownDimlet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE <unknown dimlet>
fe.protection.use.rftools.machineInformationModuleItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Machine Information Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.mediocreEfficiencyEssenceItem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mediocre Efficiency Essence
fe.protection.use.rftools.networkMonitorItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE RF Network Monitor
fe.protection.use.rftools.nightVisionEModuleItem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Night Vision Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.oreDictTypeItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Ore Dictionary Storage Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.orphaningCardItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Orphaning Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.peaceEssenceItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Peace Essence
fe.protection.use.rftools.peacefulEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peaceful Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.phasedFieldGeneratorItem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Phased Field Generator
fe.protection.use.rftools.poisonEModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Poison Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.realizedDimensionTab.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Realized Dimension Tab
fe.protection.use.rftools.redstoneModuleItem.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Redstone Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.regenerationEModuleItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Regeneration Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.regenerationPlusEModuleItem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Regeneration Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.rfToolsManualDimensionItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE RFTools Dimension Manual
fe.protection.use.rftools.rfToolsManualItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE RFTools Manual
fe.protection.use.rftools.saturationEModuleItem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Saturation Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.saturationPlusEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Saturation Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.securityCardItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Security Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.shapeCardItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Shape Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.shardWandItem.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Shard Wand
fe.protection.use.rftools.slownessEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Slowness Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.smartWrenchItem.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Smart Wrench
fe.protection.use.rftools.spaceChamberCardItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Space Chamber Card
fe.protection.use.rftools.speedEModuleItem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Speed Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.speedPlusEModuleItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Speed Plus Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.storageFilterItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Storage Filter Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.storageModuleItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Storage Module Tier 1
fe.protection.use.rftools.storageModuleTabletItem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Storage Module Tablet
fe.protection.use.rftools.structureEssenceItem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE unknown.name
fe.protection.use.rftools.syringeItem.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Syringe
fe.protection.use.rftools.teleportProbeItem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Teleporter Probe
fe.protection.use.rftools.textModuleItem.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Text Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.unknownDimlet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Unknown Dimlet
fe.protection.use.rftools.waterBreathingEModuleItem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Water Breathing Module
fe.protection.use.rftools.weaknessEModuleItem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Weakness Module
fe.protection.use.thaumcraftneiplugin.Aspect.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.itemAspect
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.bloodyBoots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bloody Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.bloodyChest.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bloody Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.bloodyLeggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bloody Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.castingBracelet.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Bracelet
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.concentratedTaint.*                                                # (default: true) USE Concentrated Taint Flask
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociActivation.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Activation
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociDrain.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Liquid Drain
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociExperience.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Experience
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.fociFlux.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: Flux Scrubber
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.glieoniaSeed.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Glieonia Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.greatwoodPipe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Greatwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.herobrinesScythe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Scythe Of The White-Eyed One
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.knoseFragment.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Aer Fragment
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.knoseSeed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Rosa Mysteria Sprout
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.lazulliaSeeds.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lazullia Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.lucriteSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Lucrite Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.metalleatSeeds.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Metalleat Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.mortar.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Pestle And Mortar
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.nodeFoci.*                                                         # (default: true) USE §eNode Manipulator Focus: Brightness
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.plaxSeed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Plax Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.pyroBucket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bucket of Pyrofluid
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.redlonSeeds.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Redlon Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.resource.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Thauminite Nugget
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.revolver.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Revolver
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.rosehipSyrup.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rosehip Syrup
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.silverwoodPipe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Silverwood Smoking Pipe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.sweedSeeds.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sweed Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteAxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thauminite Axe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteBoots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thauminite Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteChest.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thauminite Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteHelmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thauminite Helmet
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteHoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Thauminite Hoe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteLeggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thauminite Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminitePickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Thauminite Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteShears.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thauminite Shears
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteShovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thauminite Shovel
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.thauminiteSword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thauminite Sword
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.tobaccoPowder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tobacco Pile
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.tobaccoSeeds.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tobacco Seeds
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.voidFAS.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Void Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.voidSeed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Void Plant Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicbases.voidShears.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Void Shears
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.crafting.aspect.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.itemCraftingAspect
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.focus.aewrench.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wand Focus: AE Wrench
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.golem.wifi.backpack.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wireless Golem Backpack
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.knowledge.core.*                                             # (default: true) USE Knowledge Core
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.material.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diffusion Core
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.part.base.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.storage.casing.*                                             # (default: true) USE ME Essentia Storage Housing
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.storage.component.*                                          # (default: true) USE 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.storage.essentia.*                                           # (default: true) USE 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.wireless.essentia.terminal.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.use.witchery.arthana.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Arthana
fe.protection.use.witchery.babashat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Baba Yaga's Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.barkbelt.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bark Belt
fe.protection.use.witchery.biomenote.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Biome Beach
fe.protection.use.witchery.bitingbelt.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Biting Belt
fe.protection.use.witchery.boline.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Boline
fe.protection.use.witchery.bookbiomes2.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Book of Biomes (Extended Edition)
fe.protection.use.witchery.brew.fuel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Brew of Combustion
fe.protection.use.witchery.brew.water.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Brew of Endless Water
fe.protection.use.witchery.brewbag.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Brew Bag
fe.protection.use.witchery.brewbottle.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Brew
fe.protection.use.witchery.bucketbrew.*                                                           # (default: true) USE item.witchery:bucketbrew.name
fe.protection.use.witchery.buckethollowtears.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hollow Tears Bucket
fe.protection.use.witchery.bucketspirit.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Spirit Bucket
fe.protection.use.witchery.canesword.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cane Sword
fe.protection.use.witchery.cauldronbook.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Witches' Brews
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkheart.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Golden Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkinfernal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Infernal Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkotherwhere.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Otherwhere Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.chalkritual.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ritual Chalk
fe.protection.use.witchery.circletalisman.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Circle Talisman
fe.protection.use.witchery.coffin.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Coffin
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathscowl.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Death's Hood
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathsfeet.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Death's Footwear
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathshand.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Hand of Death
fe.protection.use.witchery.deathsrobe.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Death's Robe
fe.protection.use.witchery.devilstonguecharm.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Devils Tongue Charm
fe.protection.use.witchery.divinerlava.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lava Diviner
fe.protection.use.witchery.divinerwater.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Water Diviner
fe.protection.use.witchery.dupgrenade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Duplication Grenade
fe.protection.use.witchery.dupstaff.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Staff of Duplication
fe.protection.use.witchery.earmuffs.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Earmuffs
fe.protection.use.witchery.garlic.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Garlic
fe.protection.use.witchery.glassgoblet.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Glass Goblet
fe.protection.use.witchery.gurdleofgulg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Gulg's Gurdle
fe.protection.use.witchery.handbow.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Pistol Crossbow
fe.protection.use.witchery.hornofthehunt.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Horn of the Hunt
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterboots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Boots
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterbootsgarlicked.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Boots
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterbootssilvered.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Boots (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntercoat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntercoatgarlicked.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntercoatsilvered.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Coat (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterhat.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterhatgarlicked.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterhatsilvered.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Hat (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterlegs.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterlegsgarlicked.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Dawn Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.hunterlegssilvered.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Witch Hunter Trousers (Silvered)
fe.protection.use.witchery.huntsmanspear.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spear of the Huntsman
fe.protection.use.witchery.iceslippers.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Icy Slippers
fe.protection.use.witchery.ingredient.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Candelabra
fe.protection.use.witchery.kobolditehelm.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Twisting Band
fe.protection.use.witchery.kobolditepickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Koboldite Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.witchery.leonardsurn.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Leonard's Urn
fe.protection.use.witchery.louse.*                                                                # (default: true) USE Parasytic Louse
fe.protection.use.witchery.mirror.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Mirror
fe.protection.use.witchery.mooncharm.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Moon Charm
fe.protection.use.witchery.mutator.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Mutating Sprig
fe.protection.use.witchery.mysticbranch.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mystic Branch
fe.protection.use.witchery.necromancerrobe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Necromancer Robes
fe.protection.use.witchery.playercompass.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Player Compass
fe.protection.use.witchery.polynesiacharm.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Polynesia Charm
fe.protection.use.witchery.poppet.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Poppet
fe.protection.use.witchery.potion.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Universal Antidote
fe.protection.use.witchery.quiverofmog.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mog's Quiver
fe.protection.use.witchery.rubyslippers.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ruby Slippers
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsartichoke.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Water Artichoke Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsbelladonna.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Belladonna Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsmandrake.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mandrake Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedsmindrake.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Minedrake Bulb
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedssnowbell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Snowbell Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedswolfsbane.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wolfsbane Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seedswormwood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wormwood Seeds
fe.protection.use.witchery.seepingshoes.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Seeping Shoes
fe.protection.use.witchery.shelfcompass.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Poppet Shelf Compass
fe.protection.use.witchery.silversword.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Silver Sword
fe.protection.use.witchery.spectralstone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Spectral Stone
fe.protection.use.witchery.stew.*                                                                 # (default: true) USE Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.witchery.stewraw.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.witchery.sungrenade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Sun Grenade
fe.protection.use.witchery.taglockkit.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Taglock Kit
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirebook.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Observations of an Immortal
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampireboots.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Vampire Oxford Boots
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirechaincoat.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vampire Chain Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirechaincoat_female.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vampire Chain Coat (Ladies)
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirecoat.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Vampire Dress Coat
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirecoat_female.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Vampire Dress Jacket (Ladies)
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirehat.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Vampire Top Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirehelmet.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Vampire Helmet
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirelegs.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Vampire Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.vampirelegs_kilt.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vampire Skirted Trousers
fe.protection.use.witchery.witchhand.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Witches Hand
fe.protection.use.witchery.witchhat.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Witches' Hat
fe.protection.use.witchery.witchrobe.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Witches Robes
fe.protection.use.witchery.wolftoken.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Creative Bat/Wolf Token
